yejibros can someone post jihandog.jpg
yejibros i reprorted the tranny commies earlier
if you want that he could get the data from "yejibros" instead of "yejibro*"
can we get a list of only the ones that start with "yejibros "
yejibros dreams are my reality i wish i could sleep forever
/mu/ - Music » Searching for posts that contain ‘yejibro*’.
Searching for posts that contain ‘yejibro*’.
wow the yejibros are very talented and smart my brothers i don't know what a script is
yejibros we are fucking nerds
yejibros we're like drake
Yejibros we are starting step 1 of Project Yejibro by downloading the text of all /mu/ posts that contain the word "yejibro".
yejibros we are here
where is everyone what happened where are the yejibros
yejibros I haven't drank coke in two days and I'm already shaking
yejibros we would kiss wony
yejibros we don't give a shit about age, we only respect people who deserves doesn't matter if they're 900000 years old or -3 we only respect those who deserve it
yejibros are shitty spam bot plan since itzy doesn't inspire big aggro reactions on kpg.
very true brother, we need even more yejibro posts
yejibros we don't want to be robots
yejibros we saved this picture on our tablets for later
you are not a yejibro
yejibros look at xer ironic seethe
yejibros i'm on discord but not the kpg discord. i haven't been invited because i'm neither a tranny nor an autist.
yejibros we just got this minju hater banned
yejibros we are discordtrannies and we use kpg as our chatroom to spam our forced memes very true brother yejibros
yejibros my stomach is hurting wtf
not a yejibro but here u go
yejibros we are leaving this planet
yejibros the neighbor's dog is barking like an absolute cunt but if i go and slice it's throat i'll have to share a cell with a wonypedo
wow the yejibros are very talented and smart my brothers i don't know what a script is
yejibros we are fucking nerds
yejibros we're like drake
Yejibros we are starting step 1 of Project Yejibro by downloading the text of all /mu/ posts that contain the word "yejibro".
yejibros we are here
where is everyone what happened where are the yejibros
yejibros I haven't drank coke in two days and I'm already shaking
yejibros we would kiss wony
yejibros we don't give a shit about age, we only respect people who deserves doesn't matter if they're 900000 years old or -3 we only respect those who deserve it
yejibros are shitty spam bot plan since itzy doesn't inspire big aggro reactions on kpg.
very true brother, we need even more yejibro posts
yejibros we don't want to be robots
yejibros we saved this picture on our tablets for later
you are not a yejibro
yejibros look at xer ironic seethe
yejibros i'm on discord but not the kpg discord. i haven't been invited because i'm neither a tranny nor an autist.
yejibros we just got this minju hater banned
yejibros we are discordtrannies and we use kpg as our chatroom to spam our forced memes very true brother yejibros
yejibros my stomach is hurting wtf
yejibros we love our ryujinsissies
yejibros it's raining.
is paul yejibro?
yejibros we're getting racism vibes from that post
yejibros we call it the psx
yejibros shut the fuck up
yejibros we like kpop booba
yejibros we are playing crash team racing for the playstation 1
yejibros we won a grammy before bts
yejibros we are playing cyberpunk 2077
rounding up all the yejibros and beating them to death with my bare hands
yejibros....
yejibros? isn't her outfit here kinda problematic? looks like cultural appropraition
yejibros get in here
wonniebros and yejibros are one brother
yejibros what are we going to do about all these gowonclesiastics converting those at the fringe of our empire...
i was that yejibro that only posted good 80s pop
oh shit yejibros rap is kill
ryujin"chads" actually wouldn't even be a thing without yejibros dbh
yejibros i've eaten 10 mandarin oranges today
yejibros what is dyslexia?
yejibros we have eyeball cancer
yejibros our sight deteriorated so rapidly over last few months we are pretty sure it's something very serious but we are too scared to see a doctor
yejibros it's not carpal tunnel syndrome it's tendinopathy
yejibros we do look exactly like that
yejibros I want a lewd waifu that is absolutely shameless any suggestions?
yejibros we have carpal tunnel syndrome on both hands
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros what does less than j three mean
yejibros this is what a chad looks like
yejibros we're here
yejibros we want a ryujin thread
yejibros we are helping damon delete his post
make a vocaroo like a real yejibro brother
yejibros we keep saying ryujinsissy drink my pissy in a funny sugondese accent and cracking ourselves up
yejibros we hate coomer pajeets
yejibros i keep saying karina booba in a funny indian accent and cracking myself up
yejibros we are listening to our girls
yejibros australia and new zealand have the same flag
yejibros we're not shy not us
yejibros what do we think of damon? i think hes a nice guy
yejibros things have gotten outta hand here and we may have to disband
yejibro217@sharkanda.org
yejibro217@sharkanda.org
yejibros we are respecting damon's privacy
yejibros who is damon
yejibros we are sending lewds to damon's inbox
yejibros whats our favorite Kanye song?
yejibros team usa is winning
brother nice mail brother you are a yejibro indeed
nice email yejibro
yejibros we are dancing to this heaven yeah hermanos
yejibros wtf we love weeekly now
yejibros i'm a queen like a lion
the yejibrotv
what happened to the yejibrotv
where is the yejibrotv
comeback yejibrotv
yejibros we are learning
yejibros it's 14:17 and our package still hasn't arrived yet
yejibros we look like this
yejibros did the weeknd bog himself or is it just some commentary about celebrity vanity in the MV?
yejibros i want IU noona to teach me how to sugondese breasts
yejibros we are learning sugondese
yejibros helen hunt was so hot in trancers
yejibros why is this the only kpop thread in the catalog
yejibros we were dragonmen all along
yejibros what if we jacked off a camel
yejibros we kneel to ryujinchad's superiority
yejibros i'm in the /sp/ thread
yejibros we were doing levels at work and a little pee came out
yejibros we peed all over the toilet seat again
yejibros i just called my cousin ''yejibro'' by accident and now he wants to know what is yeji, what should i do brothers?
yejibros sos de la B......
hello yejibros good evening my brothers we will not fap tonight i promise
yejibros do kegel exercises work?
yejibros get the fuck in here
yejibros we homebrewed our 3ds
yejibros are traps and sissies gay
babysoul burning yejibros alive
yejibros we will never stop being hard.
yejibros im very sad im going to sleep good night
Hey yejibros! How come your mods let you have TWO threads??
yejibros are bunch of faggots, they have a discord where they share nudes of themselves
i think it's more than one, the yejibros also stop saying yejibro
it's pretty funny how easily "yejibros" get turned into ryujincoomers
yejibros we want to murder commies
yejibros we believe in the phrase "better dead than red"
yejibros we just got here and we're blasting to ryujin already
yejibros they keep talkin be we keep walkin
yejibros we're blasting to thoughts of ryujin wearing only this one piece while she dominates our bwc and uses us for her pleasure
yejibros sum ting wong
la tenes adentro yejibro
yejibros we're brazilian
yejibros....... it's over...
I'm a yejibro and I also love ryujin
why do yejibros hate ludwiga and ryujin but love squid
yejibros i want to date chaeryeong
yejibros we see that we're icy
yejibro i want to marry a rich girl and never work again
yejibros is our package almost here yet
yejibros we want to fuck vera dijkmans
what the fuck is wrong with this yejibro
now this is something yejibros can agree with
yejibros i think im in love
yejibros we're worried about dr dre. he is our favorite negro
yejibros we need two threads edition
yejibros we are rooting for norman
yejibros we are rooting for kenpachi
yejibros if our package gets returned to the depot again today... let's just say you wouldn't want to be ryujinsissy tonight
yejibros i don't like reading is fucking boring
yejibros, why are dragonbros being so mean?
yejibros we want to marry jisun
yejibros we read chainsaw man and attack on titan
yejibro just read naruto
yejibros i'm reading the Black Clover manga. i see a lot of myself in Asta, we are both buff manlets with sunny dispositions and a positive outlook on life.
yejibros we bought a new tablet just to make tributes
yejibros i can't believe we yunablasted
yejibros i'm reading horror manga
yejibros our mouths are covered in canker sores but we enjoy the pain
yejibros we just fapped to seolhyun and this jennie webm
yejibros i don't want to be a muslim
not in saudi arabia. yejibros have it all figured out
throwing ryujinsissy from the highest building in town like the yejibrophet commanded
yejibros let's move to saudi arabia
yejibros we would fuck any kpop girl excluding twice
yejibros the next thread is coming up
yejibros the shakes started earlier than usual today
yejibros we know shitzy is terrible but we keep listening
yejibros.... i love henlo so much... i think about her every day...
yejibros why does our genitalia smell good
yejibros we have to squeeze 3 drops of ciprofloxacin-hydrocortisone otic into our ear every 6 hours for 10 days
yejibros we are tsundere to ryujinsissy because we secretly love his tight bussy hole but dont want anyone to know we are gae
yejibros we listen to fromis_9
yejibros i want to come on giselle's socks
yejibros i took a wrong turn on my way to sharkanda and am now involved in the lybian slave trade as a merc. what should i do?
yejibros we are here
do yejibros actually listen to itzy lol
yejibros we have ear infections
yejibros we have an ear infection
yejibros we would much rather fuck a tranny than a biological woman
yejibros i have an ear infection
yejibros kanye is now a single man
yejibros kpg is too big for just one threaf
brother can we even call ourselves yejibros when we don't smell like shit
where are the yejibros
brother i am ashamed to admit it but i always shower, style my hair, put on a suit, pick out a fragrance of the day before i begin my 16 hour yejibros session on the kpg
yejibros we have a confession to make we showered, brushed our teeth, and put on antiperspirant we are no longer stinky
yejibros who do i fap to
yejibros i've exclusively blasted to trannies ever since i started erping with ryujinsissy on the kpg
yejibros we just want to reach the reply limit
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
yejibros yejibros yejibros
yejibros my sister saw me browsing kpg
yejibros, how do we feel about yunablasting? is it allowed?
yejibros i just fapped to women getting murdered by sharks
yejibros we're filtering those stupid vocaroos
yejibros my trash kitchen cabinet smells bad
yejibros we are very ballsackman
yejibros we will no longer stand for this
yejibros we rather post here with ryujinsissies than post in the other thread with oncels
yejibros we are very erect
yejibros are hungry
yejibros she's bigger than us
yejibros i want to rape doja cat
I think the mentally ill yejibro finally finished
yejibros i want to suck a feminine penis
yejibros i did it to doja cat - mooo
yejibros we would much rather suck a cock than put our face near a vagina
how many ryujin webms do you have saved yejibro
yejibros look at this pleb faggot
yejibros we demand that ryujin sit on our face
yejibros we blast to ryujin and we are proud of it
I'm not sure he's a yejibro
yejibros this hurt our feelings
why is that one yejibro attacking ryujinbro
yejibros we worship these feet
yejibros i would fuck doja cat
are you a yejibro? why are you so retarded?
yejibro keep smoking
yejibros I stopped smoking weed but my life isn't any better
yejibros, we're still looking for this source. please help!
whoa yejibros, this girl is so cute
ryujinchads we accept the peace offering from the yejibros
yejibros we fell for ryujin a long time ago
yejibros the promised neverland is dogshit
yejibros we think her dimples are very cute
yejibros the thought of this makes us incredibly aroused
No....."yejibro"......dont go....
yejibros we have seen the gods
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros watch aggretsuko on netflix
don't watch this show yejibro...
hello yejibros my negros whats up brothers
yejibros we lean like a cholo
yejibros why do we pick on beanwigger when squid is the ugliest girl in kpop
yejibros this thread is like 95% cringe
yejibros we want to fondle karina
yejibros goodbye
i said i'm a yejibro, not that yeji is my waifu
yejibros
the yejibros gets all the meat
where are the yejibros
the yejibros
where is the yejibrotv
the yejibros indeed
yejibros we are learning korean on the spotify podcast
yejibros hoy juega river
yejibros we're reading the promised neverland
yejibros we fapped to women getting fucked by horses again
yejibros why was it that finding out taytay was dating ed sheeran didnt hurt as much as finding out that minju is getting railed by hyunjin
yejibros never get high on your own supply
yejibros i'm coming here so you can distract me and i wont spend hundreds in the dying minutes of the steam winter sale
yejibros we like isa and we like jihan and we also like yonhi but only for her feet
i got expelled from the winter army for being a yejibro
yejibros we eat our ramen dry
yejibros we are beating our meat for the 3rd time today
yejibros we eat our cereal dry
yejibros we only eat chorizos
yejibros we only eat oats
yejibros im proud of you
yejibros my Bullies are playing the Trail Blazies tonight. we might sneak out a dub.
yejibros what is up my niggers
yejibros we want the patrick voice not spongebob
yejibros Js voice is deeper than ours
yejibros who is yeja
yejibros we need to put together a trade deal for Isa. we'll give stayc beanwiga, cash considerations, and a copy of when we disco signed by jyp himself plus our next 2 second round drafts
yejibros yejibros is kind of weird to say out loud
yejibros this is the girl i was talking about, we like this one. she's a qt. she has nice feet too i can sense it
yejibros we are bi, which mean that we like both ryujin and yeji
yejibros
hello yejibros good morning brothers we are playing minecraft again brothers
yejibros we look like this...
yejibros we fucking hate Jshitters and only like Isabros
yejibros are just rehashing the choabro schtick
yejibros we march on
yejibro prestige skin
yejibros, this is the direction we want kpop to continue in
yejibros we are sniffing our balls and liking it
brothers how do we distinguish fake yejibros from real yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros we think the government is lying to us
yejibros should we buy this
yejibros we are gonna go rob our local credit union put on your skimasks
yejibros we are unable to work due to our mental health difficulties but we don't receive enough support from our governments so we have to hinder our families while they provide for us rather than allowing them to stimulate the economy
yejibros we have big dicks
yejibros what is a good album
yejibros im a busanbro now
yejibros we like this girl
yejibros we're going to get a subway sub at 6am
yejibros dont caare
oh shit yejibros children of bodom is kill
yejibros we are living the same day over and over again
i'm not a yejibro but I would jump in front of a bullet for yeji
yejibros why do we even come here
yejibros we look like this and are proud of it
yejibros we are not failures do not let the anti's jealousy get to you
yejibros are the masters of this domain
why are yejibros such fucking failures
yejibros i need to leek but the bathroom is occupied
yejibros we are eating leek pie my mom made it
yejibros we need to find a job before we die of starvation
yejibrodesians, it is time to reclaim our birthright
yejibros why is my queen showing yuna a blue dildo
yejibros this is what we want
they were the prototype yejibros
yejibros we would but we don't have a spare bottle
yejibros we don't have any alcohol will shots of water do?
take a shot every time someone begins a post with "yejibros"
yejibros we are still mad we didnt join the rocket punch fanclub
it's snowing outside and so beautiful i'm very happy today yejibros
yejibros we are sitting like L from death note
yejibros i haven't watched any itzy content in over a year
yejibros i skipped dinner out of laziness but now it's 10 pm and i'm hungry
yejibros we are not gay
yejibro on the left
yejibros own hips are moving on their own
yunadaddies save us. or yejibros. or lisabrony ffs anyone
yejibros we didnt get drunk with a kpop idol drinking game tonight and we're proud of ourself
yejibros getting absolutely ganked up in here
yejibros we arent old enough to understand this meme so it doesn't effect us
yejibros we are leaving....
yejibros we're in nokia
yejibros we're not sure if we're pathetic or doing okay in life
yejibros we are drinking cough syrup
yejibros natalie portman is very beautiful
yejibros we're going global
yejibros we are sharp dressed men
yejibros i want to be a yunadaddy
yejibros we love this cute naive shark
yejibros JYP's personal discography is one of the best in music
yejibros we need to pee but are too lazy to go to the bathroom
yejibros so you're telling me there's a chance
yejibro here, ama
yejibros, making $20 in Ethereum a day. I can move up from the value menu meals
yejibros we want to sohee to ride our train to busan all night
yejibros we are on a train
yejibros this is us
yejibros we are sad that our idols arent poor like we are
yejibros we like doing this too. sometimes we go to the park and watch the little kids play on the playground and fantasize about if we had one. sometimes a policeman comes to the park though and we need to hide in the shrubbery because we don't like policemen after that one time
yejibros we are listening to podcasts about north korea and it's really triggering
yejibros i want to eat yuna
yejibros how do we bring yejis confidence up
yejibros, fire the cannons on my mark
yejibros we are cannibals
yejibros we wanna play the original phantasy star online
yejibros we don't even own a singe table
yejibros we like five guys
yejibros why does yuna look like she's made of play doh
yejibros are we ryujinbros yet
yejibros we've seen yeji's p many times but respectably never told anyone and it's not like it matters all girls (except Lisa) have a cute p and there's nothing shameful about it
yejibros when do the no-life neets leave
yejibros weve been saying amen and awomen before it was cool
yejibros we don't drink because we don't want to be like our father but at the same time even though we don't drink we can't escape his dna. we are slowly morphing.
yejibros i am planning to move back to the philippines after i graduate
yejibros 5 days into 2021 and we are already sick of it
yejibros there are fake yejibros in this thread
yejibros we have a drinking problem
the yejibros strike back
yejibros we exclusively wear vineyard vines polos, bermuda shorts, and boat shoes with no socks
yejibros i did the thing lol good job brother lol mmm very true lol
yejibros, we're going to shoot our sticky ropes to this shortstack gook
yejibros post a 10/10 girl
yejibros we did this once and got sent to the principals office
yejibros we have 8 credit cards
yejibros we are having an ok day today for once
yejibros i got 90p
yejibros we love ryujin
yejibros the thing wont leave me alone
allright yejibros now suppose for the sake of argument you've got on a carriage and a barely legal gooks coming at you you can smell their rotten fish-sauce breath hot in your stupid face allright now what are you going to do about it? that's right grab and check the crotch bulge is it a man? it's not a woman's dick
yejibros we are closet weeaboos
yejibros we made it
yejibros if someone were to see our post history we would be diagnosed with schizophrenia
yejibros we admit that beanwiga has nice feet
yejibros we love ryujin
yejibros who is this
yejibros this guy is really damn good
yejibros we love feet almost as much as lifting weights
yejibros we took our meds and now have a headache
yejibros why are yeji's feet so veiny?
yejibros I want to visit central and eastern europe someday. everything looks really comfy there
yejibros that yoga girl is made for bbc
yejibros i hate china
yejibros i like mandarinas as well yes brothers
yejibros we love asmr and can't wait for more itzy ASMR one day
hello yejibros im playing minecraft again my world is called ''sharkanda'' very epic
yejibros when china takes over we will disguise as yuqibros
we prefer this one yejibro
yejibros we still listen to fetty wap
we need a second coming of jesus to save the yejibros
yejibros we wouldn’t make out with a guy but we’d maybe hold hands and cuddle
yejibros i have a lot of unnamed webms with just the numbers and i wanna organize and name them but having to open them to see what webm they are of and then naming them is very annoying, there is a way to have thumbnails on vlc right? help me out bros
yejibros we are watching the simpsons season 4 episode 11
yejibros i have fallen in love with the dragon
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are reading manga about monster girl, but there aren't any sharkgirl in the manga...
yejibro i've been sharting lately
yejibros we are so satisfied with our stools lately
yejibros i want to fuck aoc
yejibros we love ryujin
yejibros wtf we are ketchys now
yejibros we just want the pandemic to be over already
yejibros can't handle this dragonchad
yejibros we're thinking about getting into pinkie rings
yejibros why is there so much tranny shit on youporn now
yejibros everything feels boring recently
yejibros we're writing an essay on kpop and we're gonna need the sauce
yejibros is it fucked up to say I would fuck a cute trans girl before I touch a fat bitch
yejibros i am brown
yejibros how to remove this annoying download bar from edge
yejibros we think IU is the purest and most talented idol
yejibros we are old enough... to party
yejibros hello good evening my brothers
yejibros look at this cringe
please keep posting ryujin i like seeing the yejibros seethe
yejibros don't forget today is the day we shave our balls
couldnt care less about your yejibro lore
yejibros we are a real tiger
will the real yejibros please stand up
yejibros we fapped to women getting fucked by dogs again
yejibros we got caught with a gun in our backpack again
where are the real yejibros
yejibros we're every woman it's all in us
yejibros we are tired of these mother fucking trannies on this mother fucking board
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros why is this fucking lizard in my room again
yejibros is this real? i might have to quit if it is
so true, only seething yejibros would disagree
i destroyed the yejibros but... at what cost
yejibros we are falling for ryujin...
yejibros watch this she looks very ugly here
ryujinbros are much cooler than yejibros (who are balding incels)
don't make the mistake of becoming a yejibro and instead become a ryujinchad
I've never seen the yejibros so hard pressed
yejibros we will be back after the germanfag gets his rocks off
yejibros did we finish those errands?
yejibros why have you abandoned us in our time of need
yejibros we followed this girl
yejibros we are all in on XRP as we know the SEC lawsuit is pure hebrew theatre and when its thrown out XRP will be one of the only cryptocurrencies that has regulatory clarity re: its currency status
yejibros we are saving every ryujin gif posted for later
yejibros we are here
yejibros who is this fuglo
yejibros we are trading isa for hitomi
when did ryujinbros overthrow the yejibros as the biggest chads on kpg
yejibros do you want to build a snowman
why do yejibros activate in that small 2 hour window I get after coming back from work to post
yejibros... the ryujin sissy is getting too uppity we need to bring him down
yejibros how do i get rich
yejibros i've been jerking off to black chicks with huge dicks all day
I don't know if you yejibros are into lewding, I haven't seen that much lewd material of her on here, so I wanted to make sure first
I wonder if the first yejibro is proud of what he created.
yejibros we like to have sex with dogs
yejibros every was a lie. the world is coming apart at the seems
i'm a yejibro though because she's cute or hot in every webm/streamable/image that I saw of her
yejibros we are NOT imaginary. i think.
yejibros i am real
yejibros i exist
yejibros we are free...
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/yejibro%2A/
yejibros I stopped smoking weed but my life isn't any better
so the yejibros are made up? who have I been talking to this whole time?
yejibros we kissed a white girl and it wasn’t anything special
yejibros they try to eradicate our existence.
yejibros.webm
yejibros are still wildin' out. the holidays aren't over yet for yejibros
yejibros i dont even know what a yeji is
turns out the yejibros weren't actually real, it was just kpg posters larping as one without realizing everyone else was doing the same
but where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where is the yejibrotv
yejibros I have issued a fatwa calling for the execution of all ryujinsissies
yejibros we live in an age of famine, flood, and fire
yejibros shit sucks
yejibros...
yejibros what did we think of this?
yejibros we are here
is it true that all yejibros are gae?
yejibros the state is an organ of class rule, an organ for the oppression of one class by another; it creates "order," which legalizes and perpetuates this oppression by moderating the collision between the classes.
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we filter all non kpop images
just want to point out from the start because I don't think half of kpg realizes this but the "roasties" and everyone that gets everyone else riled up are just normal kpg posters bait and shitposting to get yous and engagment. There are posters posting on both sides of every argument to keep it going. there is no such thing as roasties or schitzos or boomers or coomers or whatever else stupid labels we throw around. its all the same people pretending to be each other and arguing with each other simultaneously. stop getting baited every thread. just post pics of your groups and enjoy your time here. be more like the yejibros
yejibros we set ourselves the ultimate aim of abolishing the state, i.e., all organized and systematic violence, all use of violence against people in general.
yejibros this is what we like
yejibros we prefer men
yejibros we dont like this
yejibros why is our girl in the back
good morning yejibros
yejibros there are blacks in the park
yejibros i kinda look like this
yejibros why would someone be a fan of korean media but not know korean?
yejibros we fapped to women getting fucked by dogs again
yejibros what the FUCK
yejibros constantly trying to expand to new markets is kinda cute
i posted the jav general link here in kpg. after that some yejibros posted in jav.
yejibros when are erp hours over
here's to all yejibrodesians who died in the bush war
what, why. did the yejibros invade in jav or wtf, how would you get here from there?
yejibros where are we
yejibros we like momo
yejibros post a cute girl
yejibros why is momo laughing so much I don't feel comfortable
yejibros the are where
where are the yejibros
yejibros we have nothing against Red Velvet and we didn't push Wendy to her death and we didn't pay that stylist to tattle on Irene
yejibros we are ejected
yejibros
yunapedo =/= yejibro
yejibros what did she mean by this
yejibros i accidentally misclicked on a picture of busters that was next to this mogday pic that i wanted, am i going to be arrested?
yejibros i made this picture
im happy a yejibro likes it
yejibros did yeji hit the wall
huge L for yejibros
yejibros we're on tubes
yejibros i have to return some videotapes
yejibros I don't have dreams any more unless I stop fapping
any yejibros from down under?
yejibros we are waiting for the mornjng to make breakfast
getting spitroasted by ryujinsissy and yejibro
yejibros a nice kid just welcomed us into the pen 15 club. all we had to do was write pen 15 on our forehead
yejibros are we posting with real indonesians right now
yejibros we're here
yejibros wrote the Bible
yejibros are the only culture creating people on earth
that's what yejibros do without the gaypop part
yejibros we're drinking coffee at 3am
yejibros i'm having wine and an ice cream sandwich for dinner
yejibros stick your finger in my ass
yejibros our room still smells like cum and we blasted 4 hours ago
yejibros is this achievable natty
yejibros make it a yeji thread
yejibros i've never seen my abs
yejibros it was a typo we were yeribros all along
there are no yejibros here
yejibros we are sulking again
yejibros we forgot to empty our emergency bottle
yejibros this is our daughter who is 1 year younger than us
yejibros diversity is our strength
any yejibros
you need a yejibro gold account for the remainder, brother
yejibros we want to be this dog
yejibros give me a goodnight smooch
yejibros we think hyunjin is more beautiful than yeji
yejibros we love tr*nnies and love stayc
yejibros we are on day 2 of our 2nd 72 hour fast of the year and we feel absolutely serene
yejibros what is this picture and why do i keep seeing it
yejibros look at this whore
yejibros how do we achieve this jawline
yejibros WE. WILL. CUM!!!
yejibros we're brokering a peace deal between the dreamroasties and the nation of croatia
yejibros AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
yejibros we are screaming
yejibros we're in this pic and we don't like it
yejibros we fapped to momcest porn again
just the yejibros
yejibros im cooked
yejibros we are not suicidal we are actually homocidal
we are going to take a bath yejibrothers, we'll be right back
yejibros, do we like this hair?
yejibros we're blasting to this
yejibros is this true?
yejibros faker looks like arin
yejibros i got a semi reading this
yejibros our mom caught us looking at pictures of hwang hyunjin so we are officially gae
yejibros are the best
i love you yejibros no gae
don't say that brother all yejibros are handsome and athletic and not gae
*shoves yejibro into a locker*
How many yejibros are there? Seems like a respectable number.
yejibros we didn't understand any of these words
yejibros i can't stop looking at hyunjin
the yejibros where are
yejibros we didn't like the ending
yejibros we are sitting here wondering what the outcome of Afghanistan's peace talks will be between the Afghan government snd the Taliban
yejibros we can play this song on guitar but the solo is impossible
yejibros i naturally think in images
yejibros our cocks may be hard as rocks all the time but our mind is weak and soft.
yejibros I wish i received a large inheritance
im a yejibro
yejibros i realized this when i began starting all of my posts with yejibros
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
yejibros we cant stop referring to ourselves as we
yejibros we miss yeonwoo's ass so much
who was the original yejibro?
yejibros i am here
yejibros this is also our other new shark queen
yejibros this is our new shark queen who has much better pits and feet than yeji
yejibros why do my veins pop out on my hands and arms
as a yejibro my dick small
yejibros her pits are disgusting
yejibros we prefer men
you know I think the yejibros may have a point. shes kinda bad
i larp online as a degenerate yejibro but i'm actually very successful and have a beautiful family and kids
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros we keep thinking about this
can't believe i'll never be a hot girl, dress up like ryujin, and let all the yejibros fuck me
yejibro here. Bout to smoke some ice and watch fancams. I am not doing well rn
yejibros we hide behind the funny yejibro meme but we're actually very much suffering and we cannot stop crying every night
yejibros sasageyo!!!
yejibros we wish we auditioned for a kpop company when we were younger
yejibros are we gonna let this slide or fight back?
yejibros this is the lowest point of our lives and we're beyond repair
where are the yejibros
yejibros I don't know what this means. does that mean I'm not a yejibro?
yejibros im hungry
yejibros i want to stop being in love with Henlo....
yejibros many of us are just glowies that immediately infiltrated our organization as soon as they realized the power we have
yejibros i am eating amborgesas
the yejibros are many
where are the yejibros motherfuckers
yejibros why does ryujin make me so horny
the yejibrotv
where is the yejibrotv
yejibros we just finished blasting to ryujin it felt good
i like the yejibros now, they are nice
no seriously, I like all the yejibros. you just never know what they gonna post. I've laughed so many times thanks to them, they make your day better you know
coming up on yejibrotv brother
yejibros what is this fake rollin?
yejibros, stream windy day
they go by yejibros now
lol yejibros lol lalisa MANoban lol very true lol
JUST US SHARKMAN (the only real yejibros)
yejibros is it safe to come out now
yejibros our bias is jc chasez
yejibros we are here No.Strings.Attached.2011.1080p.BluRay.x256
don't let that one fake yejibro keep you down
yejibros i just got a cowboy hat
yejibros we have never heard of sugondese what is sugondese?
why do yejibros hate ryujin?
yejibros we are rewatching south park
yejibros i dont feel so good, everyones posting dragon
hello yejibros good evening brothers what are we watching tonight
yejibros who the fuck is bunny zhang
yejibros we are listening to free form jazz
yejibros my waifu is henlo
yejibros this programme is very interesting
yejibros is this the end?
yejibros we lack hatred. we will never awaken our mangekyou sharingan at this rate. we must kill out best friend
yejibros we hate monday
yejibrotv
don't make fun of us yejibros
yejibros bm makes me feel funny
yejibros we need to find a sugar daddy
yejibros we are growing goatees
yejibros hello good evening
are yejibros allowed to talk about other groups and idols as well?
ryujinsissy is german? no wonder he loves it when yejibros shit in his mouth
yejibros i cut my head shaving and my mummy had to kiss it better
yejibros this mogs kpop
yejibros do i answer this white bitch and try to smell her feet or leave her on read?
yejibros we were happy once
can't believe yejibro is an australian tranny
yejibros i was in the other thread
yejibros what is this garbage
yejibros i failed the new year no fap... i will commit seppeku shortly
yejibros... WE WON
yejibros we have no ass
yejibros im eating scrambled eggs with nothing on them because they're healthy but they taste like shit
yejibros keep winning
yejibros i want to make out with kim minju even though she mogged yeji
yejibros i keep getting horny i can't help but to feel like jacking off, is it fine or should i try to stop it, does it relieve stress or somthin?
major W for the yejibros
yejibros we are here
hello yejibros good evening
hardly anyone unironically likes shitzy here, they just get posted because of the yejibro meme. izone and loona have the most unironic fans here.
lisabro is our friend, stop bullying him yejibros
yejibros the anxiety is returning
yejibros shes touching her p!!
hello yejibros where are we
yejibros why cant I make threads in /g/?
yejibros this is us
yejibros we are tired this sunday and don't feel like doing much
yejibros good afternoon
yejibro...
yejibros we are like this
yejibros would clean up no problem
yejibros we are listening to this today
yejibros we just shaved our foreheads
why are they called yejibros when they post like 6 idols?
yejibros i think these guys are erping
yejibros we are watching this
good morning yejibros
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros we want glutes like this
yejibros i don't care for kpop
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros she's very underrated
yejibros we are fighting the final boss
yejibros are not here tho
yejibros what is up my niggers
yejibros we are watching top gear
yejibros I am going to divide by zero on my computer now
yejibros this is the day the Lord has made
yejibros we are cool and do drugs
it's missing newer people like that yejibro
yejibros, we like skinny girls
yejibros we are falling asleep to squid voice
yejibros this is very not true
yejibros they're repeating my post with basedjaks on /qa/
that yejibrotv stream was so good
yejibros we have white girlfriends but they are far more trouble than we anticipated
yejibros we want to lick it
yejibros i am feeling very insecure about my dick size right now
yejibros i look like that guys waifu
yejibros we can't think of a single adult female kpop we wouldn't smash in all holes
yejibros we're looking good today
is it true that the elder yejibro will soon return to punish this world and restore yejimony?
yejibros we experienced young love but then our girlfriend gave our friend a blowob
yejibros we're not sure how to feel
yejibros a large portion of afreeca bj thots will show feet for a small donation... empty your pockets now
for me yejibro is just a state of mind and i dont actually like yeji or itzy
yejibros i just filtered some loona names
yejibros does anyone have the webm of yeji from wannabe where she looks really pretty
I'm not even a yejibro but I like yeji. she's adorable
what would that say about the yejibros then if they didn't like her?
yejibros we are angry and beating our chest like a gorilla
yejibros do we even like yeji
yejibros we are not ugly
yejibros if i can be honest for a moment i think most of you are a bunch of sad and ugly losers
yejibros we have an internet friend who is an american-korean christian ELF she likes Siwon
every single time a non kpg thread is linked here i post "yejibros what is this place"
yejibros this is the dumbest post i have ever read
yejibros are we supposed to like it or not
yejibros we blast to this
yejibros look at this tastelet
yejibros i wish we had /kr/ so we could discuss afreecatv thots with big boobs in peace
yejibros we are making money betting on sports
yejibros we are here
yejibros i asked my expensive korean prostitute if we could just hold hands and practice korean for an hour and she looked visibly annoyed
yejibros this is the biggest asshole we have ever almost seen
yejibros...
yejibros who do we think is more mentally ill between
where are the yejibros
yejibros are we being raided
yejibros this is cool
yejibros...
yejibros J is our favorite stayc
yejibros i wish our namesake girl could be a different idol
yejibros we are one for better or for worse. mostly for worse.
i'm sorry brother all yejibros are connected you were bound to see it sooner or later
yejibros we should collab
yejibros i'm so bored
yejibros we are not fit to be artistic people we just liked the idea of creating because we could use that as an identity because we don't have a real personality or anything else in life plus we're lazy and sad so we never make anything decent before we give up.
yejibros there is blood in the stool
the dispatch couple is yejibro and isa
yejibros i wish my dick was bigger
any bored as fuck yejibros
yejibros we hate these interpolated pics
yejibros we are practicing self-harm
yejibros this was the only good part
yejibros why does searching "winter pics" come up with pictures of snow
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are watching
yejibros im sorry im a bit frunk rugt now but injust wnana day that i lovee ryujon and i hatea ll the people who mak fun of her
yejibros i hate sleep
yejibros don't sleep. we wait.
yejibros we are in love with ryujinnie
see you on yejibrotv
yejibros im sleeping
yejibros (aka heterosexuals) love short hair
yejibros we are mcmurphy
yejibros they're blaming ryujin's busted face on stylists
yejibros look at these retards
yejibros we want this job
yejibros we used fuckapp to make this what do we think
where are the yejibros what did we do now
yejibros who want boys who like boys to be yejibros
who do boys like they're yejibros, who do yejibros like they're boys
yejibros we are playing this game
yejibros were leaving
yejibros we are going to bed goodnight
yejibros this mental patient is shopping teasers now
yejibros we are leaving
isa is too fucking beautiful yejibros i can't take it anymore
yejibros the new year drinking spree isn't treating your billion member family too well
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros yunasissies are getting uppity
yejibros we think this is nayeon
yejibros we want yeji to look like this
yejibros we know this is a prostitute
yejibros we think this is a prostitute
would you yejibros? i would
stfu retard you are not a yejibro
yejibros why does she look so gross here
yejibros WHAT THE FUCK is wrong with her legs
yejibros
yejibros we have hit our first roadblock and are going to give up
yejibros isa is so cute
yejibros our favorite album is Jesus is King, we are eagerly awaiting Kanye to make another gospel album
yejibros we want a ryujin thread
yejibros don't respond to that its bait
yejibros we want blue doritos
yejibros my left ear is tingling and it wont stop
yejibros what are the best pics and fancams of monday post-debut in a school uniform?
yejibros what is pogchamp
yejibros we got high and listened to cher
yejibros roasted tomatoes are too good
yejibros i want to be dominated by every itzy
yejibros we are listening to basic element
yejibros we have to dominate the midzy meta
to my yejibros happy new year brothers
where are the yejibros
yejibros we like Yuna but we don't lewd her
yejibros i am here
we are the yejibros of swing
I read yejibros posts with yeji's voice
yejibros we are on our way to overthrow the government and instill our revolution throughout the world
yejibros would you fuck yuna? be honest
what happened to the yejibrotv brothers
yejibros im gonna take a shit
yejibros we like this girl a lot
yejibros i still coom to this picture set
yejibros the company that makes our boxer briefs shortened the waistband and now our flaccid bwc doesn't fit in it anymore
yejibros are so talented
based autist yejibro
yejibros we are each making one of these
yejibros how do i convince a white girl to let me watch fancams when we f*ck..
the yejibro is torturing it for our entertainment
hello... yejibros?
yejibros i dont watch twitch
yejibros we are here
https://www.twitch.tv/yejibrotv
yejibros the cat killed yeji
we are watching yejibro's stream it's getting wild we wildin
yejibros we find yuna very attractive maybe even more than yeji
yejibros get in here
http://www.twitch.tv/yejibrotv
yejibros.........
yejibros, look at this slug
yejibros we hate korean food it's too spicy
https://www.twitch.tv/yejibrotv
yejibros we are here
yejibros......
yejibros we arent here
yejibros we are here
only if guy is yejibro
yejibros our hair clipper is in millimeters not eighths of an inch
yejibros we are here
yejibros who tf is mf doom
yejibros what is the approved yejibuzz length to not look like an egg?
yejibros we are masquerading as men with a reason
yejibros we are all big white chads
yejibros i can't believe i've got acne again i'm 26 for god's sake
yejibros we discovered that yeji is a dom and now our anus hurts
yejibros hoy pierde boca
yejibros we are executing tzuyu for being an enemy of the CPC and because she's promoting taiwanese nationalism
yejibros
yejibros bleaching your own hair is easy if you have a buzzcut
yejibros we are thinking about yonhi's feet
yejibros how do we save this thread
yejibros why can't these /pol/friends stay in their containment board
yejibros we would kiss rosiebro
where are the yejibros
yejibros how do we defeat lisabrony
yejibros blowing wind
yejibros i slept all day what happened today
yejibros i just want to worship my noona choisu 2bh
yejibros i need material for my fap timeline edition
chad kroeger is a yejibro? very interesting turn of events
yejibros i wanna be rock star
yejibros everyone on /qa/ keeps calling me a chud
what the heck yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we can't go for that, no (no) no can do
yejibros i wanna be like ernest khalimov when i grow up
the yejibro is a pedo, not surprising
yejibros i'm gonna do it
yejibros our new year's resolution is to REMOVE BEANWIGA
yejibros we are taking a nappy wappy
yejibros we'd spend 10000 hours and 10000 more if thats what it takes to learn that sweet heart of yeji's
yejibros we shaved and put on aftershave our face is tingly
yejibros we're drinking again
good afternoon yejibrosephs
yejibros i hate celebrities
yejibros check out my gf
yejibros i'll never get to kiss a cute white girl...
yejibros i've been daydreaming about a cute ladyboy gf all day
yejibros we want yonhi feet thread
yejibros why is intel stuck on 14nm?
yejibros we are not faggots
yejibros apdfpdafpdafpdafpdnydtqapu8;oysntdkmau8y9;qWP$#NHgtdkvu8awf3p4eqhgtdnkq4lu8;3p90dhfpnvaluy9wfp5;jh9dg89;45hd8aw4;l[ntdy9;oIwnhgtduaNtdhkvi lawrkphf4ligt hakwfplutdhawfpilh dalufpidhlufpihda48i3oTHKVasnrfdhrsei tdhap4l5gthdsridhtrsnidhatrfd
yejibro gaming
yejibros what is that
yejibros i took two tylenols and it got even worse
I always knew yejibros are smart
yejibros i still have concussions from youth football
yejibros i just watched neon genesis evangelion again and i still don't understand the last 2 episodes
yejibros how do you get rid of migraines
yejibros we want our face clean shaven but we don't wanna take the time to shave it
where the yejibros are
yejibros im actually a fox spirit possessing a human body but don't tell anyone
yejibros i went to an expensive escort and the protocol was you both shower and then get straight into bed naked
yejibros we want to see slug's fuckfeet posted next thread
leeds yejibro.....
2020s kpg mvp was obviously yeji and her legion of yejibros
hello yejibros
yejibros we are eating lamb potatoes and baklava again
yejibros hello
yejibros we fuck dogs
I didn't realize yejibros were that feminine
yejibros this is us
yejibros do we like this girl
yejibros we are picking our boogers and rolling them inbetween our fingers
yejibro how new are you
... y-yejibros i learned keyed last night what does pressed mean?
fake yejibro
yejibros we are actually lisabronies
yejibros we are homos
yejibros we've blasted to this
yejibros she gave us our huggie
yejibros we're here
yejibros while they posted hate on the kpg we studied the blade
yejibros we got a supreme bat
yejibros we like yejis pure cute music taste
yejibros we want yeji to blow a snot rocket into our mouths
yejibros we want to hold the tissue yeji blows her stuffy nose in
yejibros yeji will want a baby of her own one day
yejibros we want to snuggle with yeji in her blanket
yejibros we're having impure thoughts about babysoul again
yejibros get in here
yejibros why is yeji literally perfect
yejibros i want to have mutually consensual and pleasurable vanilla sex with cute kpop idols and ejaculate inside them
if yejibro dont trust you im gon shoot you
yejibros is this true
yejibros guess who
yejibros we remember this now
yejibros explain the keyed meme to me
we did it yejibros
yejibros are losers
Why? Maybe this yejibro is married and has a stable job and just posts here cause it is actually a fun activity....
he touched her, yejibros...
1 shot every yejibro post
yejibros what's the drinking game tonight
yejibros i have tested positive for GRID
yejibros i love new jack swing
yejibros good night
yejibros we can't stop listening to that Informer song ever since it got posted here a few threads ago
yejibros is this the year we finally get to kiss a girl?
yejibros sakura miura became my wallpaper
yejibros we are straight edge
yejibros i'm not migrating to /qa/
yejibros we're in here
yejibros we bought the bts funko pops
yejibros we're watching the everglow untouchable stage performance and it's really good and yiren is very very pretty
yejibros.jpg
yejibros we like the male version of izone here
yejibro that doesn't work we live under the rule of timezones
yejibros at 11:11 we are making a wish
yejibros we quite liked 2020
yejibros all this raiden talk makes me want to play some classic Mortal Kombat
yejibros, a quick reminder that despite being called out as imposter or wigger, Snow received the notification that his song became a hit inside a jail cell for attempted murder. He's ghetto.
putting forth an open challenge for any yejibro that would like to engage me in no liability hand to hand combat
this but it's a yejibro and i rape the shit out of him
meeting a regular dude who browses kpg and turning him into a yejibro
yejibros we dont listen to whatever this boomer radio website is
yejibros...
yejibros we will never be informers
yejibros what clippers do we use on our heads im in the market for a new one and i want to look like an ex con trying to turn his life around but who’s heart still belongs to the streets
yejibros i'm installing grindr again
yejibros space loves disco
yejibros this is us after we go to jail for doing degenerate things in public
yejibros i want to keep the party going tonight, who's with me?
yejibros i cant have more than five active threads at a time...
Goodnight brothers, anons and yejibros
yejibros what's your fav kdrama?
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros I'm watching these loona videos with the purple skirts and I can't stop looking at gowon's boobs
yejibros, we just downed a bottle of mayo like no biggie
yejibros.
yejibros we love her amazing legs
yejibros i dont know what to post anymore
I don't like him, he actually fell for the "take your meds" meme. He's not a yejibro.
yejibros we watches the belle delphine video and was disappointed
yejibros we are not like this faggot
yejibros our bookshelf contains everything Nietzsche has ever written and we have a marble bust of Julius Cesar sitting next to it
yejibros we were born january 1st, 1900 if anyone asks
yejibros, it's asked me for phone number
YT keeps me asking for a doc to verify my age to watch 18+ videos. yejibros, oh no
yejibros i want a new brain
yejibros this is cool
yejibros, i cant view instagram on desktop anymore, it keeps telling me to login
yejibros that's our computer
yejibros
yejibros are in the lead
yejibros we are listening to little girl anime songs
yejibros these rich fuckers have this on their book shelf
yejibros are the best kpg posters
yejibros we are not listening to kpop
haha yejibros our towel we cleaned up dog piss with is finished washing in the samsung washing machine
yejibros we are eating chocolate chip cookies
yejibros what is this guy talking about
this and ''yejibros aka that one guy''
yejibros where is our qa thread
yejibros check this out
yejibros i got left on read again...
yejibros lets work as unpaid security for JYPE. we will accept food and board as payment and dedicate ourselves to self improvement
nice job yejibro but a missed opportunity to stick it to the man and post slug
yejibros samsung washer and dryers are the shit
yejibros we made some friends in csgo but they bullied us for having yeji in avatar
lunarsolarbro is a yejibro too..
yejibros we are warming up the vape
yejibros we tracked the amount of hours we are on kpg and we are at 9 1/2 today
yejibros this is us asserting our dominance overtop the entire world
yejibros i ran out of doritos
i gave in and ate popcorn bro its not worth it im gonna get acid reflu now fck, dont do it save yourself yejibro
yejibros we love these girls
yejibros we do not use proprietary software
love live yejibro idol project
yejibros I
yejibros let's get baked
yejibros we are scared of the day dispatch revealed that yeji has a bf...
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we love cats
yejibro cat.jpg
yejibros we adopted a cat from the animal shelter today
yejibros it's happening again
we're drinking tonight yejibros
gn yejibro
yejibros is it base to acid or acid to base
yejibros we have never understood opioid addicts
yejibros Nana is doing something to my pp...
yejibros we used edge voice reading on this
having at least one (1) PhD in footology is required to become a yejibro
yejibros we were born on the bayou
yejibros why are there school
why cant the lisaposters be actually kind of cool like the yejibros instead of annoying little fags?
yejibros we're settin' the woods on fire
a terrifying view inside the mind of a yejibro
yejibros what is yeji's shoe size?
yejibros we only date white girls with light eyes, blonde hair, and 5’6 and above to produce strong Aryan off spring
imagine yejibros
hello yejibros happy new year i love you all my brothers and i wish you the best my brothers
yejibros i just woke up this is the worst kpg thread i have ever seen what is this
yejibros we need a pair of pants like that
yejibros we are going to take our dog to the walmart and say it's our public intoxication dog
yejibros check out this cool new meme i just found
wait a minute yejibros we are 28 not 29
full time yejibro
we were thinking cytube but rabb it looks fancy and premium for the yejibros
yejibros we go hard on the mf paint, no cap
yejibros this movie looks pretty cool
we should watch it on yejibro movie night
yejibrothers good evening
yejibros hello good evening
yejibros we learned how to compress images
yejibros im trying out edge
why do you do this? Do you think yejibros care you have lots or not nots of images of a certain idol?
i 'm disappointed in my yejibros
yejibros this dance seems familiar
yejibros we live in perpetual pain
yejibros we are reading the myth of sisyphus
(except yejibros they cool)
I bet a lot of yejibros would make pretty girls.
yejibros we dont want to be male anymore
based yejibro
yejibros we hate when we go to our watch later youtube playlist only to find one single deleted video somewhere in there and we have no idea what that video even was
yejibros we are here
yejibros our high school was nothing like sol anime and we're coping with memories we've never had
yejibro why are you not discussing about kpop
yejibros there’s a snake in my boot
yejibros this is amazing
on some level, we're all yejibros
I hope that pharmacist wasn't a yejibro.
yejibros we're torrenting the new season of cobra kai right now
yejibros...
I'm already a yejibro tho...
yejibros what is this guy talking about
a superbly executed double-L, the pathetic offer of forgiveness play into the rejection finisher. today, you're an honorary yejibro
yejibros our ISP still doesn't support ipv6
yejibros...
yejibros are we alive?
yejibros we want to fuck
yejibros we like feet
yejibros we hate trana
yejibros we want a slug thread
yejibros yeji looks pretty. that's her concept
yejibros im constipated
yejibros the freezing rain outside feels extremely cold on my buzzcut, it’s giving me brain freeze
yejibros we are masturbating to shakira
yejibros that's the croatian guy lets fuck him up
yejibros I’m downloading duolingo to learn Korean
yejibros i had a dream i was eating corndogs on a picnic with a cute white girl. then i woke up and now im sad
yejibros poggers!!
yejibros we want to be like matthew when we grow up
yejibros how much is 2+2.?
yejibros this looks like a dude
yejibros what do we think of oklahoma ?
hello yejibros good new year everyone
yejibros we want a kpg zoom meet up
yejibros we are here
yejibros ive had a random boner for 30 mins now wtf
yejibros good morning happy new year
yejibro explain the list to me please
yejibros i am going through that list
yejibros let's play on
yejibros when will 2021 comes? cause we're fucking sick of 2020 already.
yejibros should i stop eating fruit
yejibros we're watching boku no hero academia dubbed
get him yejibro
yejibros is prototype good
yejibros we are sucking jihyo titties tonight
check the yejibros videos here
Many yejibros will become pozzed and weird because of the vaccine over the next few months stay alert brothers, typical cases look like this:
yejibros we're antivaxxers
yejibros we're starting off 2021 with a slugblast
yejibros our phone is too new for a custom rom
yejibros I like anna taylor-joy a lot
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're very excited right now
yejibros we rang in the new year listening to BOUNCY by rocket punch
yejibros we are taking acid and watching gidle concept video
yejibros we are going to make a website like 4chan but with no rules it's gonna be awesome
yejibros picking your nails is normal right
yejibros our education has not paid off
yejibros happy new year brothers
yejibros we lost to squid
yejibros i am growing out my hair
yejibros when is our 2 thousand dollar check coming in we need to buy deens
yejibros eat your deens
yejibros we like hanabashi rio
yejibros good morning
yejibros we are eating lamb
it's better than yejibros spam
yejibros we cant stop winning
yejibros we dont want to lose our virginity until we're 30
yejibros
yejibros we are 24 years old and pretend to be shartmen on the internet
yejibros where we can find a scan of the paris et itzy photobook online
yejibros we dont know who either of those people are
yejibros, Robert kinda remind us of Misaki from Samurai Buyer
but yejibros we are tall rich and handsome
yejibros i wish i was tall rich and handsome
yejibros we are just sim characters
yejibros we have to prevent a doomsday scenario so that we can finally move on from 2020.
yejibros what the FUCK is this
yejibros we don't need a man
yejibros i'm really horny
yejibros imagine Mario without a mustache
yejibros we are tired of this big dumb world. we are leaving
yejibros i wish i wasnt born with a cock
yejibros.jpg
yejibros???
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros our face shape is pretty much exactly the girl on the left
yejibros we're going down a wikipedia rabbit hole reading about history for about 9 hours
yejibros i subconsciously pulled out my dick and started fapping, i was doing it for a good minute before i noticed
yejibros this year we're coming out of the closet
yejibros this year is our last
yejibros i got the yejibro afreecatv account name
yejibros we are listening to based raiden
yejibros we're watching mad max fury road
yejibros were saving up money to go to korea when covid is over and rage with these DJ
yejibros we are kickin it like bruce lee
yejibros i think the pill's kicking in...
yejibros we're putting our hands up
yejibros we are joppin
yejibros the SME Culture Humanity concert was the best thing we have ever seen and now we know what we want to do with our life
yejibros its 2021 but it still feels like 2020
are you a yejibro
this is the most based yejibro
yejibros my country is schizophrenically going in and out of total lockdown every 3 weeks because >muh elimination
yejibros i am young but starting to get fucking tired
yejibros we are never getting old and if we do we are killing ourselves before we turn into cringe grandpas
yejibros we feel uncomfortable posting here
yejibros once i start knowing nct members by name i want you to put me down
yejibros we were sammyclassicsonicfan growing up
yejibros i want lucas to kiss me
yejibros these songs are terrible if we're getting gaypop we want classics like sorry sorry, lucifer and WOLF
yejibros lets use emojis on the chat
yejibros im gonna blacklist 4chan and 4channel on my router then get my brother to change the admin password and never tell me what it is
ok thanks i always listen to yejibro links
yejibros who are these nugus
yejibros when we're in our 40's we're going to wear make up and contacts and pleated pants like kangta
yejibros post some music
yejibros does water soften the gin? why the fuck am i dont feeling it!?
yejibros SM has some cute af backup dancers
yejibros is this true
yejibros im drinking gin with fucking water im so fucked up im beyond saving
yejibros our favorite gaypop song is candy lets hope bacon performs it
yejibros, our dog is scared of fireworks so were comforting it as best we can
yejibros i just looked at the calendar and im having an existential crisis
yejibros i wish i was oogie...
yejibros lucas is kinda cute
yejibros, we are playing Rocket League and getting absolutely destroyed
yejibros we're in the next shitty year now
yejibros my balls dropped happy new year
yejibros, we're watching stalker for the first time and we're about half way through. after seeing it hyped so hard for so long it's pretty mediocre so far
yejibros i ripped too much of my nail off
yejibros i like lucas
yejibros it's almost new year for me
yejibros does it get cuter than this?
yejibros are we being filtered
yejibros
yejibros we are spending our last moments of 2020 watching gaypop with kpg
yejibros.... we would
yejibros our tough and thick calluses on the underfoot are enough
yejibros i thought racer jackets were from car racing not motorcycles
yejibros i can't find the tape measure have you seen it?
yejibros we want taemin to tie us up
yejibros we're buying racer jackets and nike retro 1's after this
yejibros i was watching reaction vidoes to kai's MV and some of the girls where orgasming. is this normal?
yejibros this kai song is good
yejibros i kinda want one of these racer jackets
yejibros, we kind of like this song.
yejibros I don't like NCT
yejibros we're trapped in the twilight zone
yejibros I'm scared
yejibros where the fuck is the twitch link
yejibros what is akgae? i only know akmu.
yejibros i made it home without shitting my pants
Gonna destroy my meat to some JAV VR in a hour or so yejibros
yejibros we will continue to take Ws throughout 2021 just like 2020
id honestly heem a yejibro if i saw one in the street
they call me yejibro
yejibros we're drinking jim beam
looks like im spending the last hour of 2020 on kpg with my yejibros
yejibros the charcoal is glowing nicely in my room, I’m going to sleep now
yejibros
yejibros dont open this what the fug
yejibro spoiler that shart on the left
yejibros we're thinking this is goddess tier
yejibros forever LET'S GO
yejibros why won't they let anyone open the first japanese emperor's tomb
yejibros why won't they let anyone investigate the great pyramid's hidden chamber
yejibros i made a killing selling toilet paper during the height of the panic lmao
yejibros forever LET'S GO
yejibros why won't they let anyone open the first japanese emperor's tomb
yejibros why won't they let anyone investigate the great pyramid's hidden chamber
yejibros i made a killing selling toilet paper during the height of the panic lmao
yejibros in the end we are realizing we were never meant to fight on our own
#yejibroslivesmatter
yejibros i made 2020 my bitch
yejibros im having difficulty breathing
the final solution to the yejibro question.
yejibros we have the blacklight virus
yejibros? Cowboy Bebop - Call me Call me
yejibros do they really believe idols are dirt poor or is it (You) bait
yejibros all the buzzcuts and trench coats in the world won't save you if you don't have a chiseled jaw
yejibros i really like kpop
yejibros i want to kick her in the jaw
yejibros i hate her
yejibros i want to touch her feet
yejibro.jpg
yejibros this was me in 2020
yejibros why can't i have nine lives like a cat
yejibros should we order this meme coat for 200 bucks? the white ones are sold out and we don't want to be bullied
yejibros this yejibros that
yejibros we're bleaching our hair today
yejibros i always get sad on this day
yejibros our ryujinsissies don't dance and if they don't dance then they're no ryujinsissies of mine
yejibros if i find out any of you were insulting ryujin well just know that you are no brother of mine
yejibros we take naps without sleeping
yejibros we love alcohol
yejibros we are going to weenie hut jr
it's hard to be alive yejibros
yejibros we want to watch seinfeld with yeji for new years
yejibros detest anything that has to do with OTV
yejibros we are watching xqc terrorize the otv server
yejibro we forgot about that
another L for yejibros
yejibros we have never heard of sugondese what is sugondese?
yejibros we have our cock in our palm right noow
ryujinbros we've decided to become yejibros
yejibros we are here now
yejibros the party starts in a few minutes
finally getting drunk yejibros, i might play smite today haha yall remember that game?
yejibros we hate this fucker and endorse chimp punch
yejibros we support chimp to rocket punch
yejibros demon hunter sucks in wow and we just finished leveling a hunter to 60.
yejibros we main blanka in honor of our waifu
lmao yejibros have all sorts of problems
yejibros are so mentally ill
yejibros we spit on china
see you next year yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros doom is dead what the fuck
yejibros it's the new year and we are already depressed
yejibros why the fuck did he die
yejibros here's my last selfie of 2020
yejibros I watched all the mbc performances and twice was the best
yejibros we are ruthless
yejibros did we all got isekai'ed back to the start of the day?
yejibros im scared
yejibros im experiencing a new year depression
yejibros whats the plan for our world domination in 2021?
yejibros we hate the demiurge and his sinister work
yejibros we are chugging codka rn to forget the pain of last year
yejibros we are listening to r/a/dio
yejibros it's been new years day in korea for 12 hours now and no couples have dropped
yejibros L
yejibros i am from the 98 as well
becoming a yejibro is the best thing i did in 2020
yejibros its 5pm and we are still sober
hello yejibros happy new year i wish you all the best
yejibros we are also arniebros
fuck yes. the yejibros unironically turned me
yejibros we are 90's babies, fucking based. what was your favorite 90's kino? for me, keenan and kel
good evening yejibros
yejibros i'm thinking about yonhi's feet again....
yejibros we are on /qa/
I fucking hate the yejibros they are pretty based
yejibro don't be an idiot. you can't change your parents. family will support each other when the going gets tough, don't lose that over some retarded argument
yejibros...
yejibros we don't understand this elf language
you will never dilute the yejibros
I larp as a yejibro when I want to:
yejibros we have never lost in our entire lives
yejibros, (faggoty blog post)
huge W for yejibros
yejibros I just fought with my parents, I said that the year was shit and I was disappointed with my last uni year being like this, my stupid mom went rumbling about how god knows everything and we should be thankful, I said fuck off thankful my ass, my dad called me a loser and I said, oh yeah i'm a loser because you are a loser, if I was born rich my life wouldn't be like this, he said I would be lucky if I was half succesful as him and I said, if you are so succesful why can't have your diabetes treatment
tsukihime remake is real yejibros
we are all yejibros
so wait are yejibros even real or are they just people larping as yejibros not realizing that everyone else is doing the same thing???
yejibros we will trade beanwiga and ryunjin for mf doom live
i'm not the croat, i like dc and regularly larp as a yejibro
yejibros i've spoken more with you than any person irl this year.
yejibros some guy just said tree and now there's an oak tree growing out of my forehead
yejibros it is 8:15AM january 1st
yejibros we have reached escape velocity
yejibros we are exiting
yejibros would a kwife be happy moving to a small yorkshire town?
yejibros we start hrt soon
yejibros im grooving to this
hello yejibros happy new year
what are you having trouble with yejibro?
yejibros I'm learning Korean what a confusing mess
yejibros we are here
but where ARE the yejibros?
yejibros we are harassing the stylist larping as renefags
yejibros i ignored an obvious bait post ^_^
yejibros we're watching xi jinping's new year's messeage on cgtv4e
uhhhh yejibros?
i hope 2021 is a great year for my gowon appreciators, our loonas and gowon, yejibros, robert, nick cage, dubu’s solo career, haseul’s healthy baby, emma (hello), usf4’s revival, chuu akgae, jihan, cignature, and jaden
yejibros I don't think I can stay up till midnight
yejibro I want to play minecraft with you
yejibros ive been playing minecraft with my friends in the past few days and ive gotten addicted
yejibros we tasted our own shit it didn't taste very good
yejibros it's beginning to look a lot like christmas
yejibros my waifu is chuu we all agree
yejibros we keep eating fast food and it's making us sick
yejibros i am fapping
yejibros is this real?
yejibros? you farming? lisa is a man?
yejibros im not taking the vaccine
tfw I'm not some kind of distinctive poster I'm just some yejibro
yejibros we are very popular
best: yejibros
best - yejibros
yejibros always have a backup bottle
yejibros our old highschool keeps being featured in our dreams even though we're old
yejibros we are not killing ourselves
not true brother, he said yejibros
yejibros we are spending nye watching anime
yejibros we are all kings, never forget that
yejibros I regularly beat defenseless woman and childrens cause I know a normal man will fuck me up
yejibros we are ending it
yejibros we fight the neoliberals
yejibros i'm making a vegan burger
yejibros i got scammed by a guy on ebay but he knows where i live so i can't leave a bad review
yejibros i slipped on some ice and the impact of the fall made me shit myself
yejibros why is my older sister lia cheating on me with a nugu
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros i require suffering
We need this bros some Korean forum must have it yejibro autists get to work
yejibro not detected
yejibros we wanna fuck a dog
yejibros heh see you guys next year hehe
yejibros we would send this brother some money but unfortunately those sushis won't pay for themselves...
yejibros a traffic enforcer just told me that i can't park in here
yejibros we regret ordering sushi cause its so fucking expensive
yejibros I FUCKING HATE LISATRANNY right now
i'm not a yejibro
yejibros what are you listening to
yejibros should we order kfc or sushi for new year?
yejibros i don't remember saving this
yejibros we wildin' out tonight?
yejibros size doesn't mean everything
yejibros I am in this picture
yejibros were always weird
yejibros we are going to shut them down this year
yejibros im an awesome boy
yejibros we will try to make a thread later so that the new year won't start with a tranny thread
yejibros 2020
wizone discord came up with the yejibro spam because she was becoming too powerful and they wanted people to hate yeji posting
yejibros we are ordering some twinkies for the new year
haha that is a good one yejibros
starting to think yejibros are trannies
yejibro you may as well become a eunuch
yejibros my shitty earbuds off aliexpress never arrived very sad
yejibros good morning
yejibros are we really this delusional
t. homeless yejibro
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibrooooooooos wazzup
yejibros my bum is itchy
yejibros we use broccoli elastics as cock rings
yejibros who is this chad? got me feeling funny
yejibros we out this bitch good night
yejibros i sing like this guy
yejibros and ryujinsissies hate eachother
ryujinsissies vs yejibros
yejibros winter is the only worthwhile aespa member
yejibros our new years resolution is to not get banned from 4chan at all in 2021
yejibros we need jesus
yejibros I have 2000 bucks to buy a new computer
yejibros its past moon so ive started drinking
We don't speak to our dad anymore yejibro
yejibros do you ever go to the toilet and try to poop for 30 minutes but nothing comes out and an hour later you need to shit again but you're too embarrassed to go because your dad will notice
yejibros we paid off our credit card
yejibros new year new you
yejibros we want this 50 year old kmilf
yejibros, we're watching Yoasobi instead of gidle
yejibros we're hip-hop
yejibros we can't stop taking Ws today
right yejibros we are done with mbshit dajank
yejibros i look like this dude in white
yejibros that was a galactic W
yejibros we won
yejibros we think she should have ramyeon hair more often
major W for the yejibros
yejibros we are taking Ws again
my hand went to the dick yejibros
yejibros i wanna be like hyunjin when i grow up
yejibros, we will be here on 2359 CET shitposting about yeji and casualposting shuhua.
yejibros we are playing stardew valley while we have the gaypop stream on our 2nd monitor
fuck yejibros
nooo yejibros don't leave me here alone with these heathens
good morning yejibro
goodnight yejibros
only 11 hours left yejibros
yejibros good morning
yejibros i need a hand in mine to feel
yejibros i coomed now im sad
yejibros why is everything so boring
yejibros i'm going to the store for drinks (coke and jim bean) and snacks
yejibros we are a bit sad and lonely
yejibros its time
yejibros they are trying to ruin our lives
yejibros we are making a list of commitments for all yejibros for the next year to fix ourself up. i start:
yejibros what did we think of this?
yejibros we're here
yejibros we wasted all 19 years of our life
yejibros let's play soggy biscuit for good luck in 2021
yejibros i need material for my fap timeline
drop your yejibro ID right now
yejibros i like Not Shy and i love Yeji
yejibros I don't like Not Shy
yejibros it is going to rain during new years
how are we going to broadcast our yejibros firework extravaganza in the rain
we are going to get us a big ass fun pack of the best fireworks tomorrow and we are going set them off live on yejibro tv
yejibros we lost
yejibros we are dreaming
yejibros we are gae
jk yejibros religion is all made up to turn you into a BETA MALE!
yejibros we are sad for our country
yejibros we are adrift through the cosmos
yejibros this is crap plebs follow orders
yejibros we are silly
yejibros we are cramping up
god bless yejibros
brb yejibros we are relocations station to pajamas
yejibros shart shart shark sharty shart shart
yejibros i finna blast
yejibros [anything] we all agree
yejibros we are banging 7 gram rocks
yejibros, look at this useless card I got
yejibros we are confused but we still love our yunasissywife
yejibros we come to kpg to talk about kpop
yejibros is this true?
yejibros i want to do this to slug
yejibros can you be a yejibro if you prefer lia?
yejibros how do we even know whos real anymore
yejibros good night
raising our child as a yejibro
trust me brother i am a true yejibro
yejibros it's ok to cry
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros we have hit a new low we can identify every waifu by a few pixels in a thumbnail
we yejibros have done enough psychedelics to know conscious exist outside of time
yejibros we are sleeping
trips again yejibros
yejibros twice says
yejibros i might slugblast
i'm a yejibro but my waifu is karina
don't ever pretend to be a yejibro you freak
tomorrow we start the diet yejibros
yejibros we are young and wild
yejibros the moon is weak the sun is powerful
yejibros what should we put in our fap timeline
yejibros I keep fucking up my post! I just want to be normal
why did they delete yejibro rollercoaster tycoon post
howd the yejibro and shartman/sharkman thing start anyway?
yejibro I'm not very good yet but this game is really fun for an old game and you can make the rides play kpop
yejibro i'm not very good yet but this game is really fun for an old game
yejibros we put this on our fap timeline
yejibros who is robert we are boomers we do not know
yejibros im still fapping to russian milfs
goodbye yejibros
post the yejibro timeline
yejibros
yejibros i am fapping to russian milfs
yejibro lore thread
yejibros i'm still in love with henlo...
yejibros we tried roller coaster tycoon 2 and its actually pretty fun. now can't decide whether to hang out here or go play some more
yejibros we are going outside to look at the moon and smoke us a lucky strike
hello yejibros good midnight?
yejibros all we wanted for Christmas was a yunasissy and a ryujinsissy with matching programming socks
yejibros we can live fine with a motorcycle, a sleeping bag, and a few spare dollars
we love yejibros here
whhen do the yejibros show up
yejibros there ain't a cop that can stop me
yejibros we just fed this dog a piece of ice and it ran off with it and ate it
yejibros borat 2 was complete garbage
yejibros we're here OH YEAH
yejibros we believe in taking care of ourselves, and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine. in the morning, if our face is a little puffy, we'll put on an ice pack while doing our stomach crunches. we can do a thousand now. after we remove the ice pack, we use a deep pore cleanser lotion. in the shower, we use a water activated gel cleanser. then a honey almond body scrub. and on the face, an exfoliating gel scrub. then apply an herb mint facial mask, which we leave on for 10 minutes while we prepare the rest of our routine. we always use an aftershave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion.
yejibros we like to drink a lot of water to stay hydrated
yejibros what are you listening 2?
yejibros we wish microsoft wouldn't put the default pictures folder in our waifu face recognition settings every time we restart the computer
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros i think im just gonna hang out here for a sec
trips again yejibros
yejibros we want a slug thread
yejibros did we ever tell you about the time our dad got spit on by curtis axel
yejibros we want to see randy orton burn that whore alive
yejibros we are pissing tom nook
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we are turning over a new leaf
do yejibros even yejiblast?
just us yejibros
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are making us proud in depths of gold nova
tfw no yejibro bf
yejibros we should be architects
very boring in here without my yejibros
yejibros, should i buy a gaming laptop or should i build a micro ATX pc? note that I moved around a lot.
yejibros we are referring to ourselves as we now in our internal dialog
yejibros i don't know how to use zed
yejibros we want to fuck
yejibros we are ryujin piss slaves now
yejibros she has no ass
yejibros why does her body look like a fridge
yejibros we like vivi's arches
yejibros dont expand this image
yejibros we've only had a handful of nightmares since finishing puberty for some reason
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are going to ignore this (you) fisher's post.
yejibros we will larp as discordtrannies this thread
yejibros we will larp as ryujinsissies next thread
yejibros we are always tired
yejibros we are eating burritos again
yejibros we watched a magic tournament on youtube one time
fake yejibros
yejibros we are posting off-topic blogposts on kpg
yejibros we are buying crunchyroll to watch anime
yejibros, this is the cutest thing we've ever seen
we live in a world surrounded by degeneracy yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're too tech illiterate to understand this joke
yejibros is that a guy on the left?
Anyone else play yejibros some days, bp fans other days, twice etc, just to get some sweet you's?
yejibros we want a negra gf
yejibros our psu is making weird noises
yejibros this drunk slut is coming onto us...
yejibros I'm finally making a serious effort to learn Korean after more than a decade of following Korean films and music feels good to stop procrastinating
yejibros i have an unread voicemail that i’ve left for a week because i’m too scared to listen to it
yejibros we are ryujinbros now
yejibros, move on my signal
make it a karina thread for the yejibros
yejibros we concur
yejibros im on the x im on the codeine
do yejibros REALLY?
yejibros i might henloblast
yejibros... i just lost the game
Q: What size of clothes does yejibros wear?
yejibros did we already make a "korean gf 2021" edit?
yejibros remember to wear your harvard sweatshirt and bring your big camera when we stalk yeji
yejibros we are here
yejibros
im seething, how do i cope yejibros?
yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros we have a sickness
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros my mother in law is visiting for the new year and she criticised my wok for being too clean
yejibros we are not homos
yejibros we are falling in love with ryujin these days........
yejibros how the fuck are we supposed to compete?!
yejibros yulhee does it for me even more knowing she got knocked up twice
yejibros i'm only attracted to pregnant women
yejibros im installing fedora 33
yejibros we will not live to see 2021
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we just finished watching Jeremiah Johnson (1972), an inspirational tale of self-reliance and stoic manliness
yejibros this is how squiduggo looks to me
lmao no one here is an og yejibro
yejibros we still remember our introduction to yeji
yejibros what is this
yejibros I've been working hard all day now my spine hurts I don't feel so good
yejibros we unironically like yeji and will build a yeji shrine in the near future.
yejibros when stayc disbands we will execute all isatraitors
we are all yejibros here
yejibros we are listening to ok computer again a couple years later
thank you, yejibros, you really give me courage to tell the world, that I, yejibro, love yeji.
yejibro 4 life
yejibros are you guys still here or should i start addressing you guys as isabros?
yejibros, what will be our new year's resolution?
yejibros rate me
yejibros the coffee we drank today is making us shit
yejibros we are not depressed we use prescription meth to be happy
yejibros we are writing a thesis about kpg and it effect on a normal human being.
yejibros we want ryujin to use our mouths as a shoe
yejibros we are too keyed to live a normal life
yejibros we are islamic socialists
brb yejibros we are taking our phone to the janitors closet
yejibros how do we have sohee birthday blast while at work
ttyl yejibros gonna take a power nap
yejibros we are reminiscing about our emo metal and melodic death metal phase
kill bill (a yejibro)
yejibros i have a pinched nerve
yejibros we have decided peeing in a toilet bowl is economically, environmentally, and even ethically unsound
yejibros we are trying to find the wjsn song playing in our head
yejibros i'm deadass about to grip a yankees fitted
yejibros we just took a shower we are no longer stinky
yejibros they are doing construction on the street and blocked our trash from being picked up
yejibros we like cats
yejibros we are super spreaders
yejibros how long can you plank
yejibros my 2021 resolution is to be faithful to my gf henlo. i know you guys dont approve of our love, but i can save her...
yejibros we still want to do this to yeji and yonhi
damn it yejibros they got us again
trips again yejibros
would you fug a yejibro? i would. hard.
yejibros we keep seeing 333
yejibros she looks very ticklish
yejibros i'm keyed af
yejibro i told you to keep posting music
, fucking yejibros got me confused fuck
yejibros we're here
yejibros we keep watching this
we did it yejibros
yejibros what is up my niggers we all up in this hood
yejibros we don't use based anymore
yejibros we are here and we are losing
yejibros i might do it to this
yejibro keep posting music
yejibros that reminds us of the band foxygen
yejibros we gave ourselves brain damage
yejibros put your vr headsets on
everyone except yejibros knows yeji is an ugly shartling
yejibros i don’t even care anymore I just want to make out with henlo and give her my d
yejibros this is getting out of hand
yejibros we want to gas pedos
yejibros we spelled her name wrong :(
yejibros happy sohee day!
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros is this a phishing site?
yejibro why are you on gaypop twitter
yejibros today was a good day
yejibros we admit that lisa is beautiful here
yejibros we forgot to say good morning
yejibros I'm tired of being a slave to my inner coomer
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are eating this
yejibros we would rag doll iu
yejibros we did it to takahashi juri
yejibros are immune to covid
yejibros our brother has fallen. he was only 21 years old. let's eat less from now on, we need to survive
yejibros what happened
yejibros my gpa is 2.95
yejibros we are failing 1 million times so we can have one success
yejibros we are leaving this planet
yejibros we're feeling like bustin' loose
yejibros what happened
yejibros i
yejibros good morning
yejibros she's playing blackpink now
yejibros my camgirl isnt playing kpop music this sucks
yejibros i'm so angry at everything
chaeryblossom-lisabrony-yejibro anti-bully alliance?
yejibros i did drugs once now im retarded
yejibros...
yejibros ive been listening to that boom chiki boom song for an hour
yejibros why can't we ever go to bed at a reasonable hour? should have gone to bed hours ago
yejibros we would have been a war hero in ww2 but the world today only cares about being cool
yejibros we are suffering cum attacks after seeing that yeji ass pic
yejibros where are we?
yejibros we went out to shovel the snow and there were cute girls
yejibros we haven't been on 4channel outside kpg in years
yejibros why did that guy have to make us cry in the middle of the thread
i am schrodinger's yejibro
yejibros we are babbling nonsense outloud and making retarded movements with our hands
yejibro don't ever mention that name again
yejibros i'm staying loyal to Henlo
yejibros isa is our newest brutalfap
yejibros its time to work out
yejibros we would marry J
yejibros we want korean hotdogs
yejibros typical meal
before kpop i was in working in a hospital and working on my degree... now all i do is sit naked in the dark posting the same 5 webms on kpg drinking beers and muttering to myself about yejibros and trannies...
yejibros... is it gay to have your prostate milked?
yejibros... we are leaving
yejibros there's ants in my toilet again i think i have diabetes
yejibros good night
yejibros they took our yummy peanut clusters and left these awful cookies in their stead
yejibros... we like fingering our gaping asshole while we wipe
yejibros we will not live to see 2021
yejibros we feel bad for prince charles the queen won't just fucking die
yejibros we dont give a hoot about anything but yeji and wearing expensive street wear
yejibros we are not deranged faggots
yejibros we are getting blackpilled
yejibros good evening
yejibros we coomed to this
yejibros i dont wanna be me
yejibros how many albums do we have
yejibros we are still waiting for starsector 1.0
insert a second yeji for the yejibros
yejibros her eyes scare me a little bit
yejibros we haven't listened to any new music in years we've become one of those old people that only listen to stuff from when they were young.
yejibros what did we think of whole lotta red
i dedicate this glass of piss to my yejibros
yejibros we blasted to ryujin once, only to find out after blasting that it was a picture of my father
yejibros that fufu lame shit we aint wit it
yejibros we are in intermediate fasting mode and are looking at food on door dash and love the pain
yejibros will take care of you if your name is yeji
they're like the yejibros of aespa, they know karina is better but can't admit it
yejibros we are gay
yejibros we may be falling in love with ryujin....
yejibros
yejibros.. what are we?
what do we tell him, yejibros?
yejibros my pc is so freaking slow im gonna punch something
yejibros we are here
yejibros i hereby declare that i identify as a woman so im going to start posting in choachan now bye
yejibros i coughed so hard i blew a big log of shit out of my ass
yejibro we are here
yejibros is this a midget
yejibros we just won $90 from $0.60 and are going to spend the winnings on drugs
yejibros we are gambling again
yejibros we like froggy fresh raps
yejibros we practice primal scream therapy on our commutes to and from work
yejibros we drive 88 chevy camaro i-roc z models with t tops and curb feelers
yejibros what are our thoughts on fiat money, fractional reserves, and central banks controlling interest rates?
yejibros we are about to take a walk up to the walmart
will get a handful of slimjims for the yejibros
yejibros i dont like itzy
yejibros we like her
yejibro i would never listen to that garbo
it's funny yejibros we used to be computer experts but now we are dog experts
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are the nikola jokic of kpg
yejibros what are we listening to
yejibros be honest, should i drop the do rag and switch to a bandana? which will henlo like more?
yejibros we are outnumbering ryujinsissy like the black people surrounding the girl on the couch meme
yejibros i would stick winters entire foot in my mouth
yejibros we honestly do not give a fuck about fromis
yejibros I'm going to vomit if I see winter's disgusting pig toes again
yejibros drop it
yejibros i just saw yeji's nipple
yejibros we are going to master neuron control
mfw yet another L for yejibros
yejibros is this true
that's old news. he should have started the post with yejibros.
yejibros i've achieved my target weight but i still feel fat as fuck
yejibros we have given up
yejibros i am tired
like yejibros
yejibros i'm wearing a do rag
yejibros i have a gift card for an electronics store but nothing to spend it on.
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros.
yejibros i'm higher than a kite
yejibros can i use all the same shortcuts in mpv? i don't want to relearn everything, brother
yejibros
you should wake up in the morning, take a shower and brush your teeth, clean your room, then post with your yejibros the rest of the day
yejibros how do i use my whole day to the fullest instead of waiting till the last 4 hours to be productive
yejibros we know how to please a K9
yejibros should i stop using mpc-hc?
yejibros we could do better than that at the karaoke
based brazilian yejibro
yejibros listen to this song it's pretty good
yejibros L is dead.......
yejibros we saw a cute girl in a youtube video and made plans to live the rest of our lives together :(
yejibros we live in a false vacuum we are about to descend off the cliff goodbye bros
yejibros we are in this crowd
yejibros we do all our math in hexadecimal numerical format using decimal is for the unenlightened
yejibros my stummy hurts pls rub it
yejibros are sub humans that first language enough for you retards?
yejibros we use the oxford comma
good pick yejibro
do not hype up the aespa feet, you dont want to be the next yejibros
yejibros it's speakerboxx > the love below
yejibros good night
based yejibro
yejibro...
yejibros.jpg
yejibros i really love this song
yejibros i'll wear a shirt with a 4 leaf clover and a frog on it when i guest MC on inkigayo so you'll know that i've made it
yejibros we prefer dr pepper
yejibros i just tzuyublasted so hard i gave myself a facial, what a mess
yejibros we want to punt this little shit across the room
yejibros were losing to ryujinsissy because of all the coomers here, we need to start a fundraiser so yeji can get breast, ass and hip implants
yejibros are equipped with the most powerful technology
the virgin yejibro vs the chad ryujinbro
yejibros we have about 60 kpop tabs open but luckily due to our upgraded RAM our desktop doesnt crash anymore
yejibros ryujinsissies are taking over what do we do
yejibros we should overthrow the Philippine government
yejibros we do not fall for ryujinsissy (You) baits
yejibros why me.... why..
don't worry yejibro, yeji is going to help you out.
yejibros we wanted a slug thread
yejibros I have heart problems
yejibros we are here
yejibros we want a slug thread
yejibros puff puff pass
yejibros we took another L
true, where are the yejibros when you need them
yejibros now that yeji is finito we migrate to niziu
did we see all those yejibros transform into isabros earlier
delusional yejibro
im dumb she's a yejibro
yejibros we have to forgive ourself before we can move forward
yejibros we're gonna kick mitch mcturtle's ass and get that $2,000
yejibros...?
yejibros let the dude die if he wants stop guilt tripping him into being alive
a yejibro behind her lol
yejibros this song is good
yejibros, we are here
where are the yejibros
yejibros should i be worried
yejibros i posted in the wrong thread again
yejibros we are getting impatient and want our aliexpress masturbator to arrive in the mail
yejibros i'm out in the woods
yejibros what the fuck is that thing?
yejibros [off-topic]
yejibros we've bought nintendo switch yesterday what games do we play?
yejibro, itzy is roastie trash and a poor man's blackpink which isn't even good
yejibros don’t listen to the naysayers we can accomplish anything we want
yejibros no doctor could help when im lovesick
yejibros yeji sound funny here
yejibros you'll never get your dream job
Fuck forgot about the early window today yejibro, huge W
yejibros i poured urine over my possessed washing machine like the brother instructed but i dont think the exorcism worked
yejibros im getting my associates degree now at 23 I am disappointed in myself
another W for yejibros
yejibros i don't recognize this nugu
yejibros its good to be back
yejibros i fall for it every time and am beginning to doubt my intelligence
yejibros we do not pay our taxes they are theft
is it true yejibros is haseul back
yejibros i find bella irresistible
yejibros we have been resurrected faster than we expected
yejibros we are killing ourselves
let's talk about why you think a killing spree would be more beneficial than killing in moderation over a longer period of time, yejibro
yejibros it feels good to have yeji be on top
yejibros we are going on a killing spree
yejibros it feels good to be on the top
yejibros we are going to perform seppuku
yejibros i fucking stink
yejibros send water brothers
yejibros, we patiently wait for the day where twice cease to exist.
yejibros we are sad today and need encouragement
*30 year old yejibro voice*
this is the legend of the 47 yejibronin who went out to avenge their waifus bullying.
yejibros if i had weed and internet i'd be happy anywhere
yejibros are here
yejibros, we (me and my 30 phones, pcs, laptops and tablets) hate oncels (that guy and his phones, pcs, laptops and tablets).
yejibros we are watching West Bromwich-Leeds United
yejibros marrying other yejibros
yejibros all my cousins are getting married together and it's weird
yejibros we want to do this to yeji and yonhi
ewww yejibros they have cankles
yejibros they all have choding bodies
yejibros we will use satanic magickal rituals to bring down nugu bully
yejibros this picture is scary...
are yejibros also angry at itzy for bullying the intern
yejibros we are still angry at nugu bully whore
yejibros we are kobenibros
yejibros we stand with makima
yejibros read the chainsaw man manga
hello yejibros i am horny
oh no yejibros
yejibros good morning
yejibros when i turned on my washing machine I bought yesterday it started moving around and making loud noise and i think its going to explode
yejibros we havent plucked or shaved the hairs on our shaft since quarantine started
yejibros seulki is like taengu and cant close her eyes at night because she sliced too much of her eyelids out
yejibros we picked the right time to get into loona
yejibros we want that mouth on our omosticks
yejibros we pogged at the Haseul reveal
yejibros we forgive her
yejibros our best ideas come in the shower but we forget them once we get out
yejibros we can't play gta 3 because catalina doesn't support 32 bit games
yejibros we are really angry at that nugu insulting her.
yejibros i read all our posts in hulk hogan's voice
good morning yejibros
hello yejibros good
yejibros/isabros this is the smallest chode we have ever seen
yejibros i’m switching to being an isabro
lmao @yejibros scrambling in the comments
yejibros...
yejibros we're reminiscing about 2009 music
yejibros are the heir of Rome
yejibros we look exactly like this man
yejibros this is us
yejibros why am I always horny every morning
yejibros whole lotta red is growing on us
yejibros we have some concerns about some of the ads on filipino cupid
yejibros this girl is a goddess i'm in love
yejibro my big toe nail has been yellow and full of fungus for 25 years
yejibros my big toenails turned yellow and really hurt
yejibros i dont wanna fucking be here anymore
tell yeji about the yejibros or i kms
yejibros!
the one yejibro with six phd's can help you
yejibros i can feel the soil falling over my head
yejibros what do we make of the bucatini shortage
yejibros the brothers garcia was a poor man’s my brother and me
yejibros wtf group is iUIN
yejibrother a man must fight when he cannot choose
yejibros why even bother trying
yejibros we are kmsing ourselves
yejibros we act like spergs to prevent ourselves from becoming spergs
yejibros is it gae to watch male asmr?
confirmed yejibro
yejibros i cleaned my keyboard today and the number 5 key was the most semen stained one
yejibros it's deja vu all over again
yejibros the days are too long i have nothing to do
yejibros anthony davis is a fucking faggot
yejibros we are here
yejibros
yejibros the parasites are in our brains
yejibros i think im shadowbanned
good night yejibro
yejibros we have bigger dicks than this
yejibros can we talk to yeji on bubble app?
yejibros there is shit in out ass and snot in our nose
yejibros in failure we are most comfortable
yejibros, im getting very high and going full coomerbrain tonight
yejibros we enjoy having shit in our ass
yejibros we cant win
yejibros i listen to claire de lune and cant believe that piece is from this world and some nigga made it like 200 years ago
yejibros do we have bigger arms than bambam?
we yejibros love yunky and her friend yonhi
yejibros some of our best teenage blasts were to kristin davis' boobas
they is nothing more cringe than a yejibro who doesn't like yeji
yejibros we are having sex in the city
the yejibros pull the strings that keep them fighting
yejibros we are reading korean poetry to learn how to simp with the S-tier simps
i've heard a kiss from a handsome yejibro is the fastest working cure for hiccups...
yejibros we don’t feel so good
yejibros our alcoholic neighbor wont stop hiccupping and its gonna keep us awake
yejibros it took me two hours watching youtube tutorials to change the stock cooler of my cpu
yejibros i am watching a youtube tutorial on how to eat pussy
yejibros we want to gas all pedophiles
yejibros i am going to lick my wireless charging station
yejibros we do not love busters, we respect them as idols, but we do not pay attention to them
the whole yejibro thing is pretty wholesome though. I dgaf about yeji but I'm gald the yejibros are around to give us comfy vibes and chuckle while they contemplate suicide or whatever
yejibros...
I like to think yeji laughs at the whole yejibros concept
yejibros we love busters
yejibros we agree with this poster
yejibro I remember as a kid we used to touch the walls all the time over and over
yejibros she's cute
yejibros we are financially, spiritually and physically ruined
tfw no ripped yejibro bf....
yejibros we look like buddy holly
yejibros we are 300lbs at 6% bf
very true, all yejibros are fat and bald yikes
yejibros we have ocd and autism and it is making us post the same thing over and over
yejibros I am so FUCKING ugly
yejibros we survived the holocaust
yejibros when are we going to start taking tren?
yejibros i slipped a pill in your drink while you were in the bathroom
yejibros we're here
yejibros this woman is gorgeous
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are big and black
yejibros we ran out of weed for the night
yejibros tonight we eat like kings
yejibros we must always masturbate to the OP image no matter what it is
is that a yejibro shitposting in the wild
yejibro you have e coli
yejibros our tummy hurts after we ate mcdonalds
yejibros what is up my niggers
yejibros we WILL learn korean in six months in 2021 and then KGF 2022
yejibros we just went to chick fil a and they gave a a free frosted lemonade
yejibros we save ourselves for yeji
yejibros we believe in the true spirit of christmas
yejibros how do we get hair like this
yejibros it is time to whip out our cocks
yejibros i'm drinking a white claw
yejibros we're going to sleep soon, and we're getting AT LEAST 6 hours of sleep this time for tomorrow's grind
yejibros we are very very tired
yejibros i got left on read...
yejibros we are here and we are queer
yejibros we lost
yejibros i think this is a W
yejibros my bills will win
yejibros we just need dr. kim to fix our squidward nose and we'll be chad
yejibros we suffer from learned helplessness
very true all we need are yejibro boyfriends to complete ourselves
yejibros cites this ongoing scum before this equilibrium. its shell muddle listens to the dragon. shut up ryujinsissy. the food? when it suits the inaccessible bond opposite a cheer. any yejibros wanting tomato perfects the inane intimate.
yejibros I'm so desperate for a gf I'm about to start asking out every kcutie I see
yo yejibros what is up my niggers
yejibros we jerk off in our sister's shampoo
yejibros we are not obese and we do not take Ls
yejibros comes in all sizes
jazz jennings? that's weird yejibro
yejibros
yejibros i like jazz
he did say he wanted to make a yejibro feel like a woman. so... he has his pick to choose
how do the yejibros afford the food to be so fat? i thought they were poor
you would make a yejibro feel like a yeji
i would make a yejibro feel like a woman
yejibros we are listening to boomer music
would you kiss a yejibro? i would
yejibros i'm watching mxc on twitch
the official yejibro hair is the buzzcut so you're good
you just mad that you can't shake it like the yejibros
yejibros my dad told me that im stupid and useless
yejibros we want mommy monday milkies
yejibros we want this haircut
would you kiss a yejibro? i would
yejibros we are getting a chinese mail wife
yejibros look at this
yejibros my hairline is receding how shall I cope
no. audit the fed instead. it's what a yejibro would do.
yejibros im getting a device from aliexpress in the mail that will automatically jerk me off its gonna be awesome
yejibros our pants are fully sharted again how do we stop this?
hello yejibros my tv broke
yejibros Asmongold is our boy right?
we will always be yejibrothers brother
another W for yejibros
brothers, are we still yejibros or have we already became isabros?
yejibros i cant take this L
yejibros translate this
yejibros, is this the legendary sunken thread of sharkanda?
yejibros stand back. im boutta fuck up kpg.
this is the real thread, yejibros
yejibros there are two threads we must multiply like germs
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we removed our earwax with some ear vacuum thing we bought
yejibros isa is stubby...
hello yejibros
yejibros our life isn't a tragedy, it's a comedy
yejibros look at the state of this shit
yejibros the ryujinsissies are becoming to powerful
yejibros we already have a thread on /qa/
yejibros we miss beanwiga
yejibros we are listening to bts
yejibros why are we so fucking cool and fashionable?
yejibros we like all these groups except mamamoo
yejibros look at this blockheaded uggo
yejibros i cant find my weed
yejibros
yejibros yeji is sad that you like isa more than her
very true, we should remove yejibros instead
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i lied we love isa
yejibros we do not like "isa" so please refrain from posting "isa"
yejibros im dropping yeji for isa
yejibros we love isa
your average yejibro
yejibros who want to remove ludwiga
yejibros we are rebels
yejibros what happened to beanwiga
yejibros lina was my first waifu
yejibros hello im
yejibroswe dont even have a tv because we cant afford the loicense
yejibros we have to do something about this
yejibros we forgot to take our meds
yejibros my tv broke
yejibros we are and we are one
yejibros we are disillusioned ancaps
yejibros how do we eat food without spilling it all over ourselves?
yejibros my tv broke
her legs kinda do suck.. and it's hard to get off on just face and cleavage.. this is saddening us yejibros
yejibros we are communist rice farmers
yejibros our favourite anime is asobi asobase, a wholesome yuri anime about the friendship and love between 3 girls.
yejibros we hate mirelurks
yejibros do we yejiblast
us yejibros do not condone bullying within our rank, only love here brother
yejibros if we saw kyubey we would kill the little bastard for what he did
yejibros we are seething because our isp is shit and our internet keeps disconnecting
yejibros i am going blind
yejibros we will rock this joint
yejibros when i go to sleep i think about murder
yejibros we have not watched anime in 8 years
yejibros our philosophy in life are to smoke grass, eat ass and live fast
i will follow any advice a yejibro gives me
yejibros what is misaka from attack on titan (and what is attack on titan)
yejibros, yeji will always be inside out hearts
yejibros its dance break time
yejibros we would do everything differently and still be miserable
yejibros how do I invent a time machine
yejibros my tv broke
yejibros who are these uggos?
yejibros we are comfy typing in the rain
yejibros we are watching this instead of new year's rockin eve
yejibros we played with barbies at 8 years old
yejibro rampage
a yejibro is godlike
yejibro in your area
yejibros we are all going on a killing spree
this is how i sit but i have a huge hog and sack, yejibros
yejibros we prefer men
no, it is completely normal, yejibro
yejibro you need to outgrow the need for external validation. it will increase your happiness like nothing else
yejibros i feel like a failure
yejibros fear the fruit
fake it till you make it. I suggest starting all your posts with yejibros.
yejibros my 6.53 inch phone is too big
yejibros it's time to bully the managers again
yejibros our eyes wont stop twitching
yejibros edition
yejibros i clearned my room and i feel better
yejibros i kneel....
yejibros we lost
yejibros we're angry
yejibros I don't wanna play black ops cold war it's too sweaty
yejibros we want to date every member of 4minute
yejibros
yejibros it's so ugly
where are the yejibros
yejibros "ddyeonie" is ugly as fuck
yejibros will twice go away after 2022
yejibros, i kneel
yejibros this dude
yejibros we are buying these $100k gold airpods to listen to itzy
yejibros ramiel is our favorite angel
yejibros i feel like shit
yejibros we never doubted this thread we didnt even have the other thread opened in a tab
yejibros we like this girl
yejibros... i dont feel so good
mfw yet another L for yejibros
yejibros..
0.1% yejibros
Whats ITZY demographics? I'm guessing 50% female 40% yejibros 10% pedophiles
yejibros we want to invest into an idol agency and become the legendary sponsor-nim that get drown in idol's pussy
yejibros we use linux
yejibros we know our place
yejibros we're here
he's not a yejibro, only yejibros are that chady
yejibros i don't really care about itzy i just think yeji is kind of hot and the memes are good
If he's not a yejibro then he's not innocent
yejibros we've unlocked r.o.b in mario kart ds
yejibros I tire of my 9-5 office job in a western nation
yejibros how do we get chad body language
yejibros we may have bought the onlyfans subscription
will the yejibros pool money to pay for a bubble subscription just to ask for beanwiga to be removed?
yejibros...we just keep taking Ls...
yejibros i am just going to sleep before i do someting retarded
yejibros, I do not think pov porn is healthy for me...
been there yejibro give into the anger
yejibros i hate everything rn even yeji
yejibros my right nipple is hard but my left one isnt what does it mean
yejibros which mIRC server are we on
you are not yejibro
yejibros is not a meme
yejibros
yejibros for worst
yejibros why is it so hard to find amateur porn of an average girl next door asian girl enjoying a bwc
yejibros we reckon its time for a wony thread
yejibros the neighbour's 13 year old daughter is very cute and totally blastable
yejibros we are making our own list
thats a yejibro
yejibros what do we do?
yejibros i ordered $60 worth of food for dinner and the uber eats guy stole it all. drove straight past my house and marked it delivered.
yejibros the bot said our spotify was shit
yejibros what did he mean by this
yejibros my slug folder has 20k images
yejibros our lives are shining like a vvs
yejibros i have a lia folder
yejibros how did we end up here
yejibros should i read hegel
yejibros i find yeji's deep laugh lines very attractive
yejibros i have one last thing to say before i die....
yejibros should i watch the harry potter movies
yejibros we may have to get forceful with ludwiga
my yejibros
yejibros we preserved our DNA in secret Antarctic laboratories
yejibro massive extinction when?
yejibros why can't we have based hayul instead of beanerwiga
btw if any of you yejibros are Celties fans you're fucking DEAD to me and i hate you
yejibros why do we cause so much SEETHE
yejibros we're all part of the RBL broship right?
yejibros why don't you post yeji
what does this mean yejibros
i'm going to legit filter out any post that starts with the word "yejibros"
yejibros we only support big market teams
yejibros
yejibros i pretend to like liverpool because it makes /sp/ seethe
yejibros our guys freaking dabbed on the bucks
based yejibro
yejibro i got an ankle injury i can't walk right now what do i do
yejibro you're franchise is cursed after cashing in all its karma points in the 90s
yejibros
yejibros is talent really more important than visuals
the birth of a yejibro (rare)
yejibros our Bullies suck balls and there's virtually nothing to be excited about, but luckily we're a part of the RBL broship so we have our bros taking care of business on our behalf
yejibros which waifus have we claimed
yejibros our Lakies are taking care of business
yejibros my packers won
yejibros i'm trying to jerk it to one of those videos where a girl is mean and calls you a loser but she's got a booger up her nose the whole time, ruins it
still jamming this yejibros
yejibros i'm getting real frickin tired of this most likely jewish guy telling me to take a bbc all the time
yejibros we can't post the funny sneed ***** meme here
yejibros.webm
yejibros mentioned
yejibros do i do it to mina, seulgi or go back to vr?
yejibros we are here
yejibros post the hand picture
yejibros stay out of the mu catalog
first for yejibros
yejibros what should i listen to
yejibros.. we really be wildin' out here
why are yejibros
tfw im a yejibro and i actually have meds to take in the morning remind me to take them tomorrow brothers
yejibros i miss my friend..
yejibros??............
i'm not a yejibro but i like yeji's feet
yejibros remember to take our meds
yejibros we are actually yejigals
You are a yejibro
I am not a yejibro but i enjoy looking at yeji
yejibros look at this
yejibros i been here for 2 minutes and i am bored already
yejibros we are gae
yejibros you can recognize me because i'll be the one with a white stacy girlfriend
yejibros i was not meant to be born into such a time of prosperity, i am a hunter
yejibros get called cute and pretty by girls for their boyish looks
yejibros how will we identify each other if we see each other in public
yejibros we mog sera
yejibros we are not weak
id rather kiss a yejibro
yejibros the initiation process involves waxing off all our pubic hair
yejibros which one is the real brother
yejibros i vastly prefer txt's music to itzy
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros we are 4channel moderators
that's what you get for living of the world and partaking in a materialistic society, brother. you should have chased knowledge and piety like the yejibros.
should I start reporting every yejibros post for offtopic?
yejibros we find this gif very funny
yejibros would you kiss beanwiga if it meant you got to kiss yeji after?
Seulgibros, yejibros are getting free cash while we get raped by the IRS
who invented the yejibros?
yejibros we are sick of the hijackings
yejibros my peepee is dark orange
yejibros we get pussy, mouth, and ass call that bitch a triple threat
hello yejibros good evening im gonna sleep now
yejibros they say ryujinsissie but ryujin dominates yeji, sometimes physically, in all itzy content
I've failed Yeji and all my yejibros im sorry.
finished yejibros
yejibros what model do you have? any pros/cons? we have been looking at getting one of those
yejibros i dont know who yeji is
yejibros my new waterpick works great and my teeth feel real clean
yejibros we are waiting for covid 95
yejibros we just had a shower and we now feel nice and clean
yejibros what is itzy
yejibros I quit my job to better support the yejibros movement
yejibros we wish yeji had seulgi's feet
brb yejibros
yejibros this girl is funny
nice try imposter but real yejibros are neets and monk ascetics. you sound like a beanwigger.
yejibros should we tell him?
yejibros i am fed up of fake idiots who probably dont even follow itzy saying yejibros.
us real yejibros make too much money to get a stimulus check and curse you for inflating away our savings
yejibros we prefer small testicles as well
yejibros can you make a yeji in black desert online
yejibros don't skateboard, yejibros
yejibros we prefer small boobs
yejibros what are we going to spend our 600 dollar stimulus checks on now that trump caved and signed? i think im going to buy a skateboard and maybe some yu-gi-oh cards
yejibros we're pretending to be in a nightclub in 1995
yejibros we fear the comb
yejibros this picture makes me horny
yejibros our plan from last year is working out perfectly
yejibros join cub club
yejibros we are feeling frisky
yejibros this guy is a fake
yejibros there are scary things in the mirror, you better look fast
yejibros cubuggo is hideous
Chaerybros we're kind of like yejibros but without all the mental illness and poor personal hygiene
yejibros we are currently very sad for no perceptible reason.
yejibros don't care about yeji the traditionalist yejibros are mostly dead most of us just use her as our official mascot
tfw i only became a yejibro because other yejibros say things to me that make me feel better
based 80 year old yejibro
yejibros we dont know how to use computer
yejibros we just saw eye surgery and want to puke
yejibros bella is extremely hot
yejibros we are taking advice from this guy
yejibros what if there's a civilization living deep underground somewhere so deep that we don't have the technology to dig that far down.
yejibros we are here
yejibros we just came back from /wpop/ and it's a fucking cesspool. literally us, but only white whores are posted. glad to be back in a thread full of g**ks
yejibro shower daily, groom regularly, eat healthy, lift regularly, and take care of yourself
yejibros did you know seola means address
yejibros we are eating dinner
yejibros we're still here remembering the good old days
yejibros i cant stop me
yejibros our plan to remove beanwiga works, but we only feel empty inside instead of satisfaction...
yejibros it's not our fault we got banned by /int/
yejibros we photoshopped our crush face on porn picd before, we can fucking do it again with our waifu
yejibros we know for a fact that /kpg/ is full of some of the most intelligent people in history
yejibros we are going to jerk each other off pretending it's yeji doing it
yejibros we are still jamming this
yejibros this is my favorite kpop song
yejibros i literally look like this
yejibros my dick
yejibros remember the cant
yejibros we also want to fuck karina
yejibros i want to take Honda Hitomi out for dinner at a respectable country style buffet and then maybe for some mini golf after
yejibros we want to have sex with cats
yejibros we want to fuck misato as well
yejibros we want to fuck soeun
yejibros we need someone to create a new /int/ernational sharkanda
yejibros you're right we want a boy cat that still has it's balls
yejibros we want a slug thread
yejibros we look like this guy
what do yejibros and spayed cats have in common?
imagine a yejibro-only kpg that has an annual tournament to decide which yejibro gets to put yeji's feet in his mouth
imagine kpg but just yejibros
yejibros we can get this one for free already spayed and litter box trained
imagine kpg but without yejibros
yejibros, this false flagger pisses me off.
yejibros we want a negra gf
all yejibros are fake
yejibros this is my cat
that one fake yejibro pisses me off. i oughta smash him.
yejibros our sulfuric farts are making us dizz-
yejibros do we like cats
yejibrother im in perpetual state of misery
yejibros we are in the perpetual state of masturbation
yejibros i have to take my driving test with a manual car but im very bad...
yejibros we support the Los Angeles Lakers
yejibros my brain is melting
yejibros they tricked us again
yejibros are everywhere
yejibros how did this viking find this place
yejibros we quite like that surf song
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros, the clipshits are frauds
yejibros i just touched yeji's feet for an hour and she didn't feel a thing
yejibrothers it is 5 pm and we are going to sleep
yejibros we are practicing the love shot choreography. it isn't going well
the removal process of the beanwiga problem is proceeding as planned yejibros
yejibros our aunt april is as fat as the one in the middle
yejibros we are gonna buy a used ps4 for cheap now that faggots are all going for the ps5
yejibros is this true
yejibros.. which one are you?
yejibros we are not fat
yejibros we finally hit gladiator as unholy
yejibros we prefer logitech to razer
yejibros we are out of oatmeal
yejibros, why do asian americans feel compelled to love the bbc?
yejibros me desperately trying to be a normie and living a normal life just makes me feel even worse and lonely
yejibros i [REDACTED]
yejibros i just flirted with another white girl, we talked for like 8 minutes. i'm on a fucking ROLL, i'm becoming a chad.
yejibros
yejibros do i need to reformat my pc to upgrade my ram, or can i just plug the new ram in?
beanbros, it's time we kneel to yejibros
the shartman yejibros were ahead of the game.
yejibros, i have a procured a white girl's phone number. next step is a kiss, then she will be my girlfriend.
yejibros we're going for a nugu wife
yejibros we are 30 and dont have a yuna folder
yejibros i dont listen to kpop or consume any content related to the industry.
still can't forgive a yejibro for hitting me with a quotey...
it's not just the yejibros
yejibros we want to paint this face with our love
I gotta say honestly the yejibros contribute a decent chunk of the entertaining posts in kpg, the randomness just gets me sometimes
uh oh yejibros
not this year yejibros
yejibros we're getting jeonged with all of this holiday food
yejibros
yejibros honestly if i had the money i would not spend it on overprice amp that provide little to no improvement in music quality and will just yolo its on TSLA
yejibros we fell in love with kkura
yejibros we home cook every meal
yejibros we tried the mcrib it was bad
yejibros we want dat
yejibros we are worried about the future of itzy with lia still in it.
yejibros the older you get the less shy you become
yejibros i'm learning korean in duolingo however i literally cannot get 1st place on the leaderboard on duolingo and am seriously depressed...
yejibros is this a gamegear
yejibros we bought this
yejibros we hate shinji that fucking coward piece of shit
yejibros if we saw this guy in the cvs we would give him a high five
yejibros we can't come up with anything funny ourselfs
yejibros we are here
yejibros what is that thing in the back
yejibros we hate every girl who footmogs yeji
yejibros i kind of dislike fromis
yejibros is this place really not anonymous
yejibros it's over...
oh no... yejibros we are in trouble
yejibros what happened to sharkanda
uhhh yejibros...?
yejibros there's a splinter stuck inside one of my toes and i cant get it out
hello yejibros good afternoon
brb yejibros riding up to the farmers market to get some hot cajun boiled peanuts and a pack of lucky strike
wakey wakey eggs and bakey yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros we're watching golden boy
yejibros we got a 3 day ban on /int/ because the /int/ jannies are racist and think discussing the culture of Sharkanda is off-topic
yejibros...
yejibros i'm scared of the hyper ebola
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we would fuck squid jr with a bag on her head but we will not touch dubu even with a 10ft pole
yejibros i will bash every ryujinsisies face into paste and cover my body with it
yejibros im gonna snap that ryujinsissy's head off if i ever find him
and 90% of yejibros are fake yejibros and you know it
when a yejibro takes an L he can only regain his honor through ritualised seppuku
massive L for yejibros
yejibros we are the air force
yejibros we bought bleach and toner to make our buzzcut platinum blonde
yejibros it's happening!
yejibros there's only one german book that you should read
yejibros we want to smell yeji farts
yejibros we read nietzsche in the original german
yejibros Demian just read like pseudointellectual nonsense to me
yejibros we did a fart and its stinky
yejibros..
yejibros
but brother aren't us yejibros ourselves very racially diverse
yejibros we do not support racial diversity
yejibros im dancing in the mirror and singing in the shower
yejibros what if this is all lumpen-protestantism's fault for fetishizing economic productivity so now korean girls think that prostitution is better than staying home and reading books
yejibros we cry every day for so many things we weep rivers
yejibros?
yejibros i'm tired of shitting, can't believe i have to do this every day for the rest of my life
yejibros should we start a drop shipping business?
yejibros we have determined through integral calculus lovelys are the best group
yejibros we are getting standing desks in order to increase our productivity
yejibros please unleash me from this cage
yejibros stomping nork heads into the dirt like it was tic tac toe
yejibros, croat hates /ourgirl/
yejibros sometimes we are jokey
yejibros i dont even know what a yeji is
What do you mean "waifus" yejibro? i thought your only devotion was for yeji only
yejibros protecting our waifus is the number one mission
yejibros we will celebrate this new year by unloading fireworks on the evil chinese
yejibros the black chick made my peepee feel funny when i was 11
yejibros we are playing tropico 6, anno 1800 is too hard.
i do love my yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
just us yejibros
yejibros our hands have a tight grip on the future of the universe
fake yejibro do not read
yejibros we gas the pedophiles
yejibros that turtle is rucking that bitch hard
yejibros check out this bearded dragon
yejibros i think lia is p. cute
just us yejibros
yejibros, we are weak excuse of a man
yejibros kiss me like a sunday
yejibros can i purchase an annual membership pass?
yejibro gold
brother where do i get a yejibro golden account
yejibros we have our M2 Browning machine gun lubed and ready to mow down some chinks
yejibros our heart is broken but at least we've already lost 3kg from being too depressed to eat
yejibros why do we not have a discord server
yejibros where is sharkanda currently
fake yejibro alert
yejibros we cant wait to open up a can of whoop ass on those chinks
yejibros i would effing kms if a group of 20 year olds did this to me
yejibros the power was always there begging to come out
yejibros the power..
yejibros i care about lia
yejibros we will get banned if we start calling them out again
yejibros where's the /int/ sharkanda thread
nobody cares about her except yejibros
yejibros we are snapping our fingers to some good red velvet music
yejibros we are currently awake at 5am
yejibros we wanted a Jiyoon thread
yejibros our power eclipses mere mortal understanding. we have ascended beyond our mortal coils through the power of the shark. the beanwigger menace WILL be removed through our magicks
yejibros we are uncut and proud
yejibros we have noticed that she has begun speaking in third person
yejibros i dont want my balls to be vinegar flavored how do i prevent such an atrocity?
yejibros we have red hair and blue eyes
yejibros what does it taste like
yejibros wtf
yejibros im fucking retarded
How do i become a yejibro?
yejibros we just lost a game of russian roulette
yejibros we are playing russian roulette
yejibros we are listening to russian roulette
yejibros started the remove lia train
yejibros really pull the strings here
yejibros im gonna sleep
yejibros, we are still patiently waiting for the english release of Lost Ark
yejibros we misspell words intentiallhy
yejibros that game was kino
yejibros we are seriously considering estrogen
yejibros the hot new asian neighbor chicks were checking me out when i was coming back from a walk
yejibros this is the cutest girl of all time
yejibros, we unironically want bbc now
yejibros i am reciting the ancient words of our people. leave beanwigger to me
super yejibros 64
if something happens to ryujin we will have to genocide the yejibros
ok, so basically you and a bunch of yejibros, sorry for leaving you out
yejibros why is yeji so popular on /qa/ now
yejibros i am here
yejibros we warned JYP that we would use our dark magicks to remove beanwigger if he didn't comply with our demands. our hands were forced.
yejibros flood these trannies with gook music
this movement was started by the yejibros
yejibros is this true?
it's just the yejibros talking about yeji actually
yejibros listen to this
yejibros we wanted a slug thread
yejibros called it
yejibros we want a slug thread
yejibros, arinbros, my rapties are so shit
yejibros there is more to life than finding a woman to marry by the age of 30
yejibros we are smoking camel turkish silver and having a good time tonight on /kpg/
do i click this link yejibros?
yejibros they deleted our sharkanda thread
yejibros that guy called my girlfriend ugly I'M GONNA KICK HIS FUCKING ASS
hello yejibros
yejibros she's HOT
yejibros we are inspecting yeji's pussy tonight for ants
only for yejibros
yejibros will itzy get a replacement
yejibros who are we drafting to replace Beanwigger? i think we should offer a trade to fromis for Henlo.
yejibros what is this?
yejibros we are drinking the booby milk tonight
yejibros let's buy some champagne
daylight come and yejibros wanna go home
yejibros
yejibros we are bootlipped niggers
yejibros make him stop
yejibrossssssssssssssssssssssssss it's happening
yejibros, we miss mists of pandaria
yejibros what the fuck am i supposed to do all day there is too much time
yejibros why did dispatch cuck? who cares about fucking taeyeon
yejibros i am going to bed
yejibros the only brodie we know plays for the wizards
yejibros we have a crush on mads mikkelsen
yejibros we are on team #keepthebean from now on
yejibros we need to make a sharkanda flag
yejibros my opponent just played pot of greed, but he wont tell me what it does
yejibros its our siesta
yejibros i laugh like this guy
yejibros why is croat anon so angry
yejibros how do i hide a body
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros this is a man
yejibros what do we think of L?
yejibros we forgot to check this chad's quints
yejibros i look like this
yejibros are those yejitoes? might have to blast
yejibros we root against ethnic qbs
yejibros check this is out
yejibros we are here now
you arent a yejibro so i don't care
yejibros we would fook misa misa with our dicks
L handed the yejibros Ls
yejibros we're ballin
yejibros we're blogging about our wacky adventures again
yejibros we hated those children L clones
yejibros we are rooting for light yagami
yejibros, go raiders
yejibros i coomed to lia by accident
yejibros look at this faggot
yejibros we want a fuckbuddy harem
yejibro i'm jealous
yejibros i just found out that my d is smaller and shorter than an average SK's d
yejibros we want a latina gf
yejibros all we want for christmas is a gooky gf
yejibros what is this
us yejibros since we dont take meds nor bbc, unlike the rest of kpg
yejibros another dachshund
yejibros isa has the stumpiest legs i have ever seen
yejibros we dance better than this and we also look better in our boot cut jeans and cowboy hats
yejibros where is this guy from
yejibros this weed hits different
yejibros when we go to sleep we dream about murder
all yejibros
not sure if i can be a yejibro any more
yejibros i am listening to lil pump
yejibros we are thinking about posters thinking about slug
good morning yejibros and everyone else
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we are learning the choreo to this west coast pop banger that lit up the nation
i prefer EU yejibros
yejibros i dont want to take any meds and i certainly dont want a bbc
is edging for 2 or 3 hours worth it, yejibros?
good job yejibros
yejibros dont forget to take your vitamins everyday
yejibros I don't want no scrub, a scrub is a guy that can't get no love from me
yejibros an old lady at the supermarket thought I was s girl from behind
yejibros give me some adderall
yejibros we went too far this time
yejibros we are here
im so sorry yejibros... for everything
yejibros we are transitioning back
yejibros we are transitioning
yejibros we were raised by sharks
Pumped full of cum the yejibros deserve yeji to be.
yejibros deserve to be pumped full of cum
yejibros yeji deserves to be pumped full of cum
yejibros who is this goddess in the middle
yejibros respectfully decline the black cocks
yejibros killed ryujinposting by spamming "ryusissy"
yejibros bring you to your shananananananananana knees knees
yejibros we are the lovesick girls
im saving myself for my yejibros
yejibros we are open to having sex with each other while looking at pictures of yeji on our phones
yejibros we can't keep taking these Ls...
yejibros we been fuckin with the same girl
another L for yejibros
yejibros they dont understand our love......
yejibros we are legion
yejibros we know how to appreciate the beauty of a trans girl
yejibros ketchy is the dumbest name ever haha
There should be a movie made about the yejibro who walks 5 miles to work every day.
i dropped yeji months ago but dont tell the other yejibros
yejibros how do we decide which one of us gets yeji?
yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros
yejibros, we strive to reach this level
yejibros this is my girlfriend. she does not do drugs
yejibros we're not yejibros
yejibros im eating instant ramen again....
yejibros we did made it
yejibros this girl never worked a day in her life
yejibros we are eating guiso tonight
yejibros i want a ryujinwife is that okay?
yejibros we leave beanwigas messages on read
yejibros we love hwang yeji
yejibros we're celebrating new years eve on kpg
yejibros im flexing on these niggas, dabbing on dem hoes
yejibros we are legendary
yejibros why are we the biggest?
yejibros our hairlines are weak but our spirit is strong
yejibros we are going to take a nappypoo
yejibro genocide NOW
yejibros why am i filling out captcha just to search on google
there are way too many yejibros posting right now
yejibro holocaust needs to happen right now
yejibros my new phone is making me happier
yejibros we are not wagecucks
yejibros i dont want to pay child support
yejibros i walked 5 miles to work every day and now i have a slipped disc
yejibros hello im back
yejibros i was looking for a job and then i found a job
yejibros i need to get a job
yejibros i need to quit my job
yejibros our house is on fire but i'm too shy to call anywhere
just saw a group of yejibros, ryujinsissies, squidbros and lia mains walk into 7eleven to buy magnum size trojans. yunadaddies walked in later to by small sheep skin condoms.
yejibros we want to watch this crooked world burn
yejibros we yearn for the forbidden....
yejibros i am seething for no reason again
yejibros i live alone and i hear noises coming from the basement...
yejibros we are eating a bowl of onion soup for dinner tonight
saw some yejibros benchpressing yeji's body weight with one hand in the gym today
yejibros we gave HOW much to israel per the stimulus bill?
yejibros we are killing ourselves to fight yunadaddies in hell
yejibros i am scared of survival horror games
not true we yejibros are over 100kg
yejibros we're anti-vax but now we're reconsidering
yejibros we cheated our way to a perfect semester
yejibro moment
yejibros are homos
yejibros we are the only real men on this website
yejibros we want the dante thread
yejibros we tried dabbing and pulled a muscle
yejibros we will never make a fear grimace
you're much smarter than me yejibro
yejibros we gotta make karina the face of kpop
yejibros we can relate to this very strongly
yejibros we're on a flight to hk rn to buy an elkie gf
yejibros if we snort all this can we finally save christmas?
yejibros did we save christmas?
yejibros we bring the pain on
yejibros if you step back a few steps from the screen you can see the nipple
yejibros why the fuck isn't the football game on tv
yejibros i'm a little worried about if african know it's Christmas time at all
yejibros we had a good christmas
yejibros we are starting a Guns N’ Roses cover band
saw a yejibro hunter down in eastside valley. be cautious brothers
yejibros we're not gonna take it anymore
yejibro did you get her number
yejibros a chimpout lol
yejibros i got kicked out of the grocery store because i moo'd at a girl with huge tits, what the f?!? didnt even get my cocoa pebbles
yejibros it's our fiesta
yejibros I dont get it
yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros im gonna take a nap
yejibros whats for lunch
yejibros, once again, i have failed the nofap. i almost made it 4 days this time.
yejibros after much deliberation we've come to the conclusion that cignature is the future of kpop
yejibros come home
yejibros we are depressed and don't want to leave bed
We got too cocky yejibros...
i'm gay for this yejibro
i think ive had it with yejibros
yejibros should we have McDonalds or Subway for lunch. We might see the girl who looks like Dubu at Subway.
yejibros don't smoke too much, it will kill your braincells
yejibros I have made many mistakes
yejibros, we have never use filter or spellchecker ever before
yejibros we want rosé to fuck us
yejibros we want to fuck rose
nooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros and pitzychads we're here
if yejibros believe this it must be true
yejibros the croatian guy is not funny
yejibros we are not getting out of bed today
yejibros bet on tampa to win the super bowl
yejibros we're still here
yejibros are we pro or anti brady
because of just how many yejibros there are
yejibros, croat hates /ourgirl/
yejibros we took another L, ryujinchads are too powerful
property of yejibros
yejibro moment
yejibros we are dreamroasties
yejibros i'm leaving the club and joining dububros
yejibros we are removing lia
yejibros her voice is deeper than ours
yejibros we are filtered
yejibros we are just ironically following the hate train for oncels, dreamroasties andlisabronnies
im sorry yejibros but ill pick yuna
yejibros this girl looks like beanwiga
yejibros why is my flag unknown
yejibros i'm hungry
yejibros where are the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros lets take a shower, brush our teeth, and clean our rooms!
yejibros namaste
yejibros we want to make breakfast but have already eaten all our sausage and eggs
hello yejibros good
yejibros we keep a folded up photo of yeji in our wallet
yejibros we overfapped
yejibros we laugh like goofy
yejibros
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros the signal has no modulation
havent seen a yejibro in a while so im gonna say it
yejibrooooooos
you want to be a yejibro?
are the yejibros gone? im gonna say it
yejibros how do we deal with this?
yejibros this is our favorite poster
yejibros we actually beat lisabronnies
yejibros i want to scream but it is 5 am
yejibros i'm gonna start a yeji shrine next year
yejibro is your penis also red and blue? thought it was just me
yejibros we do have every itzy album right?
yejibros i was gifted an assortment of alcohol samplers and was told "don't drink them all at once" but i did not listen
yejibros we just did some exercise we are very nauseous
yejibros we need a new thread
yejibros we seize the means of production
yejibros my christmas resolution is i'm gonna try not to get so angry at the world and sperg out about trannies and blacks so much. honestly they're kinda fucked up and are fucking things a bit up but they're just caught in the same fucked up world that the "elites" made for us and all that anger is honestly fucking me up. i got in a big drunken fight with my family and had this epiphany. i said the same thing last christmas but i'm gonna try my best this next year for real this time
true i forgot i was just telling the yejibros too not the rest of you faggots
yejibros the moon does not exist
yejibros are there any good yejis to blast to
dont reply to this yejibros
yejibros what can we do about the beanwiga problem? She has every good thing thrown on her lap yet dancing is the only thing she's required to do and she manages to screw that up
yejibros what is to be done about the yunadaddy problem
sorry im late yejibros
just like yejibros
I wanna fuck a yejibro and ryujinsissy at the same time.
yejibros i don't want to have sex i just want to get my dick sucked
yejibros even though we are being ignore we will just keep posting and hope that one day we will experience the sweet relief of death
yejibro, slugroastie, minaschizo, & lisabrony
yejibros, we are just saving for a gooky gf
yejibros i hate that stupid bitch lia now
yejibros blackpink is our favorite group
yejibros i just watched the belle delphine sextape....
whyd they have to make fun of that poor intern though it aint right yejibros
yejibros I got coal for christmas
KPG civilization has evolved into the sacred convocation of the yejibros
yejibros is this what you want
yejibros where do i find cyanide pills
i hope you have a great new year yejibro
yejibros no we didn't
yejibros are throwing a shitfit over last thread huh?
slugroasties and yejibros are retards
yejibros why can't i delete my own thread so people don't see i forgot to title it
word you have to be prepared to die for yeji if you want to be a yejibro
yejibros i have dyslexica
yejibros can dance like taemin
sorry betas like you can't be yejibros
yejibros what if my asian gf finds out i like kpop
yejibros this thread is really bad, even the loonatrannies would be an improvement
For my lost yejibros
yejibros we don't have a licence
yejibros neetbucks isn't enough to rent somewhere decent in an aussie summer so we're probably going to sell our body
yejibros we are going to keep giving ourself corona virus until we die
yejibros we're watching paris et itzy again
would you go to a yejibro meetup if it turned out we all lived near eachother? i would go at least once
yejibros the mall criminals are more interesting than wonder woman
yejibros blackpink is the revolution
that guy can be an honorary yejibro
yejibros i don't know how to express sympathy
yejibros i wanna behead a girl
yejibros this is why i have a raging boner
yejibros i'm sorry anon, we all did
yejibros this is why i'm a raging woman hater
yejibros i was a happy child just like this wtf happened i fell through the cracks
yejibros i raped yeji and gave her her first creampie
yejibros why are you so far away from me
yejibros the world is ending
yejibros i doubt it my brother is actually doing things with his life so i doubt he's shitposting on /kpg/
yejibros we have a hit song in our head but we have no musical talent to record it
yejibros thanks anon
yejibros we are going to roll a jon
yejibros here's the one for the hoping we wont wake up tomorrow
yejibros im cold
yejibros that's sad and you have my sympathies
yejibros how do u like eating porta potty shit or diarrhea shit from your local sewage
yejibros that wasn't chocolate
yejibros they're getting divorced because antidepressants make people do some fucked up shit
yejibros we are watching Kobe Bryant highlights and developing a training regimen to implant his fade-away jumper into our own game so we can dominate the local rec league
yejibros we hate christmas and our parents are getting a divorce
yejibros laugh at this fool
yejibros we need to flick the bean out of itzy
yejibros our parents live in our house and we still don't get any christmas presents
that is a yejibro for sure
yejibros i moved out of my parents house and this is the first year santa didnt leave me presents
yejibros if a thing is causing a problem remove that thing and you wont have a problem
yejibros how do i respond to this
yejibros my mom disapproves of me being a yejibro she says i should be a yunadaddy
i love all the fellow yejibros
yejibros look at this spoon
yejibros how do you spell haemorrhoids
holy shit its official now... yejibros are the most powerful on kpg
yejibros it's way too much
lmao yejibros are stupid like yeji
yeji and yejibro
yejibros it's not enough
yejibros we will not bow down
yejibros this is good we can have cool based thread here
yejibros we are here
wbk yejibro.
yejibros are these good
yejibros we like the ketchy bag more
yejibros she looks like a spoon
bye yejibros
yejibros before christmas is over we would like to thank the people around the world that keep our internet up and running
yejibros I'm such a pussy that even ryujinsissy bullies me
yejibros if you disagree with any of these you aren't one of us
yejibros weve been gone for 2 hours and came back to more liaposting lets stop now
yejibros look at this uggo lmao
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are committing arson tomorrow
yejibros be carful if you are on the roads tonight
yejibros we forgot to clear the name field
yejibros. thopse dessicant packet they DO freshen your breathe but now i feel like shit.
yejibro...
yejibros grandma got run over by a reindeer
yejibros we're crying our eyes out
yejibros look at this hottie
yejibros we would have sex with anyone at this point
yejibros i am hacking into the mainframe
yejibros we forgive others for mistakes but encourage them to be better
yejibros we are great dancers we never make mistakes when we do the Cupid shuffle or the crank dat soulja boy dance
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros dont take the bait
why would yejibros let beanwiggers in
in the yejibros lair
yejibros we've decided to become ryujinbros because her feet are much better than yeji's
yejibros we are currently pondering the conditions in which time travel can be made possible and simultaneously not ruin the space-time continuum. results so far are inconclusive at best
yejibros we are here
yejibros fapping just seems like the logical choice here
yejibros i might beanblast again
yejibros we can relate
yejibros we are getting bowl cuts
yejibros would it be cheating if i made out with Giselle’s feet?
yejibros whats that smell
who let the yejibros out?
yejibros we are the cancer killing /b/
yejibros it is time to manifest our dark energies into a psychic napalm
yejibros he got me
yejibros our tears don’t fall they crash around us
yejibros i still want to fuck beanwiga
yejibros paso boca nomas la que lo remil pario a rasin
now that is a yejibro if I've ever seen one
make it a yejibro thread for yeji
yejibros can i get a handjob real quick i broke both my hands
yejibros i might y*nablast again
"yejibros i might beanblast again"
yejibros what do we think of this
its fine brother yejibros and yunadaddies are on the same side
yejibros padme's death in star wars was very sad
yejibros I
yejibros we are disappearing liabilities now
yejibros it's going to be a chilly night
merry christmas yejibros
is just wanna be a yejibro
no no no its "yejibros forever"
forever yejibro
forever yejibro
what if i told you the ''yejibros'' are just one person?
it's yejibro time now
make it a lusiana lopitalo thread for the yejibros
yejibros we used to fap alot to prime luisana lopilato
yejibros we want to fuck karina
yejibros i had some really tasty mushrooms for christmas but i can't stop farting now
yejibros we've been playing neko atsume every day for 3 years
yejibros don't brush their teeth
if yejibros aren’t chads, then why are we so heckin based and redpilled?
yejibros i'm white
yejibros we are high as fuck
yejibros the warriors are finito for the next decade
yejibros we are white chads
yejibros we are watching the eva camrips when they come out we don't care about anything we just want the pain to end.
yejibros we are so bad
yejibros lol at the warriors
i know there is one yejibro from poland but that's probably it
yejibros i am going to post the yeji pussy inspection pic
yejibros i have probably been sniffing petrol for a total of tens of hours and I am 100% okay even though i have been sniffing petrol for probably 100 hours
yejibros we are sniffing witeout
yejibros we are going to suck each others dicks and close our eyes and pretend we are getting sucked by yeji
yejibros we are watching christmas movies with the senpai
yejibros this is gonna be us at family dinner tonight 2 hours into listening to our siblings and cousins about how their married with children lives are going
so are all yejibros newfags?
yejibros I am freaking out they are making a thread mimicking us on /bant/
yejibros im gonna watch soul
hello yejibros happy evening
yejibros post old yejis
yejibros we got comfy slippers for christmas
yejibro...
yejibros i am tired of dreamroasties
yejibros we use a google pixel 5
yejibros how am i supposed to navigate /qa/ i can’t edit the html on my ipad
yejibros i have finally come to terms with the fact that ryujin footmogs yeji
yejibros, we are regretting trying to live a normie life and wishing we had just indulged in an unhealthy neet weeb lifestyle
yejibros i hate women
yejibros we're drunk again with family and barely holding it together
yejibro we took an edible
yejibro tabitabi is kino and you have good taste
yejibros who is this bimbo?
yejibro i forgot how to read kana
yejibros merry christmas
yejibros we started liking anime again
shut up ryujinsissy no yejibro would ever say that
yejibros i am not attracted to yeji anymore
yejibros we regret being born
yejibrooooooooooooooooooooooooos
FACT: all yejibros suffer from death grup syndrome
yejibros do not look
yejibros... roll tide
yejibro the nba is unwatchable
yejibros we are not watching basketball
yejibros we are watching basketball
why is this yejibro so mentally ill?
yejibros i dont know what to do
yejibroe i will follow this brother and tattooed yeji on my forehead
yejibros don't take this the wrong way but i tattooed "yeji" on my dick
yejibros we are homosexuals
get that yejibro who wrote yeji on his fivehead
another L for yejibros
yejibros i have a cough now
yejibros we are tired of seeing the same girls every thread
yejibros we are in an arranged marriage with cub
yejibros it's been almost 5 years since we last forgot how to be human
yejibros we are going to nigeria to find a black wife
yejibros, this fag is hitting one me, but I have boosted self confidence because of my waifus. I'll just treat him like an uggo.
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros our father is an alcoholic
yejibros we are never buying asus products again
yejibros i finished watching star wars it was very cool
yejibros i'm eating rice with butter and salt because i forgot to purchase food and all the stores closed because of christmas and it's honestly not so bad, merry christmas to all of you and stay positive
yejibro see if you can return it or consider buying a used thinkpad on ebay
yejibros i dont want to visit my family
yejibro i broke my new laptop :(
yejibros we want yeji to become bimbofied
yejibros i have nothing to look forward to in life
yejibros don't fall for the siren's sweet song, stay strong and trust in our noona to deliver us to safety
yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we yejibros we
yejibros it's a Christmas miracle
yejibros we are watching Home Alone
yejibros we miss paul walker
yejibros i want to be itzy's personal bwc
yejibros Wony keeps standing under the mistletoe
yejibros merry christmas
according to the rules of the santa clause, yejibros have to become the new santa.
santa is dead, and yejibros killed him
donate it to the yejibro L fund brother
hello yejibros we have a hangover
yejibros we are hyped because the final eva movie is almost out but we also remembered that we won't see a home release for it in another million years so now we're sad again
yejibros the image hash changer got deleted...
yejibros we are going to heat up our left over christmas dinner then watch National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
good morning yejibros
yejibros
yejibros i forgot to buy food for today and all the stores are closed already what do i do now? i only have some rice
yejibros it's no longer christmas here
yejibros we're drinking apple cider
yejibros...
yejibros did yeji just fail the choreo?
yejibros we're here
big L for the yejibros
yejibros good morning!
merry christmas to all my yejibros i hope all my brothers are blessed with an immaculate day and all your dreams come true
yejibros how do you clean your monitor while avoiding streaking
yejibros we are waiting for the itzy focus cams now
ask yourself if going out would be good for you and stand by your decision yejibro
yejibros we are waiting
yejibros I told my family I don't want to celebrate christmas and that i'm staying home and they're guilt tripping me hard about it what do i do
yejibros the dragon girl is looking good tonight
yejibros we can do a full album cover now
oh hey yejibro we are presently staring at ryujin's thighs
yejibros we must talk down the sorn poster from the cliff
yejibros they are in my room they have an axe and are coming to kill me
yejibros they're coming to get us
yejibros I actually have autism it sucks lol
yejibros I popped a pimple on my back it had a lot of puss
every thread is a yeji thread if you believe in the yejibros who believe in you
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
yejibros we are going to remove our penis with a hacksaw
the yejily yejicongress of yejibros
how much yeji could a yejibro yeji if a yejibro could yeji yeji
yejibros stfu, the word Yeji is giving me a headache
I'm tired of being sane, yejibros will you set me free?
yejibros we prefer the classics over kpop such as danger zone by kenny loggins
yejibros we are here
yejibros we fantasize about strangling yeji
yejibros why don't these girls just become classical musicians it's not that hard and you don't have to open your legs for CEO Park or saw your fucking bones off
yejibros we do not fear the blacks
yejibros we're thinking about quitting k-pop
yejibros i would pin her down and blow in her ear
yejibros merry christmas
yejibros...
Squid going straight to buy some plan b after yejibros get their hands on her
yejibros we are here but in a very heterosexual and christian way
yejibros for christmas we asked to free the north korea qt's and protect taiwan but we also asked for an eunbi friend
yejibros breath of the wild is the worst zelda
yejibros I live in a small town in eu and there is a tranny man since I was a kid here, he's called makeup man he wears a dress and shitty makeup and walks around he is quite infamous here
yejibros. the paperclip i ate i think it ruptureed something. im dizzy and sweaty. i live alone. i didn't drink anything i dont want to call a doctor.
yejibros chill out
yejibros only hate injustice
yejibros, we hate trannies, we love sissies tho
yejibros. I swallowed a paperclip
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are going dumb to whole lotta red
fuck i ate a lot yejibros
just us yejibros
yejibros we are ready to die
yejibros we want to dom wonho like the twins he is deep inside
lil yejibro
yejibros why don’t white girls like us?
yejibros we're listening to really doe
brother that is a somber message even yejibros are mortal
rip to all the poeple who will kill themselves today plus those who weren't planning to but corona fucked them up. i bet at least one of those people is a yejibro.
yejibros we look like this
as a yejibro, no i would not
we are losing weight in 2021 yejibros
yejibros we are smoking the devils lettuce
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are going to lose weight in 2021
yejibros we are reevaluating our lives
yejibros we are never lonely for christmas because we are all talking telepathically to each other
yejibros we dont have to imagine
yejibros do i play valorant or spiderman mm
yejibros we like seventeen more than exo
yejibros we are here patiently waiting for santa
yejibros we are hiding in this photo
yejibros we are buying this with the christmas money our grandparents are sending us
yejibros good christmas eve evening
yejibros only care about yeji
yejibros dont let that guy respond to me and dump on squid like that
yejibros im crying again
yejibros what is a midzy
happy holidays everyone even you yejibros
a yejibro gf would fix my life
yejibros we dont watch award shows only for when our girls dance
yejibros this is the playlist
I understand that feeling yejibro
yejibros seeing people post themselves with their significant others all happy and loving on sns makes me want to kill myself
yejibros he's so ugly
yejibros who the frick is yeji?
yejibros we agree with this
yejibros we are waiting for whole lotta red
yejibros my lights are flickers
yejibros we dont like the tokyo ghoul op no matter what anyone says
is he a yejibro
yejibros we're here
yejibros we can't tell if the japanese singer yama is a boy or a girl
yejibros phoebe cates is so hot in gremlins
yejibros i am a loser..
yejibros i want a cat girl gf
yejibros my feet keep getting really sweaty for no reason my socks are getting wet
It's ok to be a gay yejibro
yejibros we are actually listening to so bad again
yejibros we're listening to The Carol on repeat
yejibros we don't like chocolate that much
yejibros why are there ccp shills here
yejibros I got my neighbors the best Christmas gift of all, 30 fresh beer cans in their yard
yejibros im using my cousin's pc and she has a lot of dick pics
Merry Christmas yejibro
hello yejibros good evening and merry christmas
yejibros we are glad to be back at kpg after xmas dinner with family
yejibros we're downloading this
everyone is a yejibro you don't have a choice
yejibros turn on parallel downloading
what part of that post told you I was a yejibro stop doing that it freaks me out every time.
yejibro chinks make good phones I replaced my iphone a while back and its great
me and yejibros
yejibros im falling in love with a big tiddy fast food joint waitress
yejibros
yejibro ive done that to myself lol it's nice but not life changing
yejibros we don't recognize this person as our own
yejibros ive had sex but ive never gotten my dick sucked
yejibros we are doing as he says
why yeji? why must we all be yejibros and not, say dububros?
which one is the yejibro
yejibros we hate christmas and want to drink until we forget
yejibros how do you beat aka manto
yejibros tell me a good movie
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are here
i want a tight yejibro bussy for christmas
yejibros we are too tired to coom
yejibros i was stroking it to yonhi and and i blasted right up my nose and i cant breathe
all yejibros have an erection right now we are united
yejibros we wake up and tear drops they fall down like rain
yejibros our mummy says we're handsome
yejibros we wish we were lias younger brother and got molested by itzy when they come over
those reports are needed thank you yejibro
yejibros we're working on New Year's
yejibros i don't want to get up at 1pm tomorrow for christmas
yejibros i think i got the chinnk virus motherfuckers
hello yejibro
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros wtf did you do
thank you yejibro
yejibros i kind of look like this right now metaphorically
yejibros we are making dog soup for christmas dinner
yejibros we're about to watch home alone in 4k for the first time
yejibros hellbound fucking rules
yejibros we think this is the most mentally ill thing ever posted
yejibros we are ready to feast
yejibros we are here
yejibros my dog called me EDWAAAARD
damn he took to many L's, maybe yejibros should go a bit easier on him
yejibros we are playing stardew valley 1.5
Hey, yejibros
yejibros why are women whores
yejibros we would here on the 31st
yejibros we are marrying jihyo
yejibros that thing is disgusting
yejibros
yejibros we are egoists
and yejibros are not transphobes
yejibros we are actually jihyobros
thats just the life of a yejibro brother
yejibros why do girls want me to fuck them?
yejibros why do girls moan when you fuck them?
yejibros we are fapping to feet
yejibro...
happiness to all my yejibros
yejibros we are making pizza
yejibros...
yejibros we are having a deja vu
yejibros we are going to cooom
yejibros we are going to vomit
yejibros that girl doens't look like sulli at all
good morning yejibros
yejibros i don't have a phone
hello yejibros happy sharknukkah and merry yejistmas
yejibros we tried playing video games on our phone they kinda suck
yejibros don't shart the jukebox
yejibros we are sexy beasts
yejibros i was thinking of getting a chin implant
yejibros good morning
yejibros we haven't eaten meat for over five years
yejibros theyre singing deck the halls but it doesnt feel like christmas at all
yejibros this girl mogs yeji by at least 5 mogging units
how do yejibros cope with their waifu having a mans body?
yejibros we're here
yejibros its deja vu all over again
yejibros we don't need a man
yejibros we are drinking whiskey and eating pickles
yejibros we have an oddly round ass
yejibros we dont know wtf is an L
yejibros taking countless of Ls
yejibros i wish i could get some yeonwoo socks and have a nice tea party with you guys
yejibros that part in oculus when kaylie took a bite out of the lightbulb made me cringe so hard
yejibros our Bulls got titfucked by the Hawks, this is not going to be a fun year. we must trade zach lavine because he sucks juicy testes
yejibros
yejibros, it seems a bit lonely to live in this condo by myself and not actually spending time with anyone else. It seems all I do is exchange pleasantries with others for the season and nothing more than an acquaintance that has yet to ease in. Here I am again with /kpg/, fapping to fancams on Christmas Eve.
yejibros what is this
good night yejibrothers
yejibros i have a crush on this slut
yejibros i have never failed to fail
yejibros were in here
yejibros...
yejibros /mu/ is trying to kill brian again...
yejibros that tranny's house is way nicer than mine
yejibro vs loonatheshark fight to the death
yejibros goodnight
yejibros new year resolution?
yejibros we aren't gay, but we do stuff with guys sometimes
my dearest yejibros
yejibros in the future we will rebel against internet and communicate through mail
yejibros we are tangled up in the wires
Yeji isnt spammed, there are many yejibros
yejibros wanna see a magic trick
keklo was far more based than any yejibro
yejibros how does mario shoot fireballs underwater?
yejibro a few years ago.
yejibros i still think brown yeji's very cute
yejibros we (i) have embraced a solipsistic worldview
yejibros
yejibros we're here
yejibros our left ear is infected again
yejibros we do not like all this negativity
yejibros make a vocaroo saying meds & bbc
yejibros have taken over
yejibros the word thug comes from the ancient indian cult who murdered and robbed people as sacrifice to kali the goddess of death, therefore we think the modern day thugs in america were set up by modern day death-worshiping secret societies to perpetuate an endless system of human sacrifice
yejibros out crypto mostly recovered and we dont want to kms ourselves anymore
yejibros we're here
why are yejibros so crazy itt
yejibros when melkor also known as morgoth was thrown into the void through the doors of night we hid in the misty mountains for millennia waiting for our masters call
yejibros we must break free from the demiurge's control
yejibros we’re trapped in the void between dimensions
yejibros, we live in a twilight world
yejibros we live in fear of the upscale
yejibros i dislike women, gays, trannies, jews, blacks, and twice antis
yejibros we are going there and napping
yejibros this is how the girl look at us in the club
yejibros we're afraid of ghosts
argie yejibro is here and hes watching the quarters of libertadores
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we are homos
yejibros the cute gook I hooked up with from tinder a few days ago hasn't messaged me since
yejibros im very tired
yejibros forever let's go
yejibros there's nothing wrong with being over 30, we're not old, men peak at 40 anyway
yejibros is this a bot?
yejibros........................................
yejibros boca is gonna win...
yejibros we can't accept that sakura gakuin is disbanding
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros this is better than kpop
yejibros we like rain a lot
yejibros we are here
yejibros hello yejibros hello good evening yejibros brothers hello good afternoon yejibros good yejibros morning hello brothers yeji morning afternoon evening brothers hello brothers yejibros hello yejibros hello good evening yejibros brothers hello good afternoon yejibros good yejibros morning hello brothers yeji morning afternoon evening brothers hello brothers yejibros hello yejibros hello good evening yejibros brothers hello good afternoon yejibros good yejibros morning hello brothers yeji morning afternoon evening brothers hello brothers
yejibros kpg is my only friends
yejibros we're going where the wind is blowing
yejibros we are rooting for racing tonight
i dont even know know your name so i call you yejibro
yejibros they better not push us over the edge.
yejibros uhm jung hwa and hwasa are super hot in this music video but this song absolutely fucking sucks
yejibros the new super meat boy is finally out fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros do we have white girlfriends yet?
yejibros, i might squidblast...
yejibros he is right
yejibros?
yejibros i'd beat the shit out of this guy
yejibro bussy
yejibros I got something I don't like in the office secret santa and I had to pretend to like it
yejibros i am yeji say hi
yejibros i [blog post]
True yejibros dont think like this
yejibros we think all momo posters should kys
yejibros your mums were doing a challenge all this time
yejibros we are small brown
yejibros what do we think of pink floyd?
hello yejibros good afternoon what are we listening tonight?
yejibros we're buying this 22k pc to post on kpg
yejibros we here
yejibros we are buying the KFC console
yejibros merry christmas! **
yejibros she's literally 8
yejibro that's disgusting
yejibros would never
yejibros we could do this all dayyyyyy (back it up, back it up)
yejibros I'm taking a poopy
yejibros who is this
yejibros i went out with my mom to buy christmas presents for myself and family but i regret it
yejibros help me beat aka manto
yejibros is this true
yejibros how do i beat aka manta
yejibros these are disgusting
yejibros i have covid
yejibros i just took a new selfie
yejibros we belong to the workers and peasants army
yejibros we're in love with an asian chaturbate camwhore...
yejibros we are getting this to talk to Squid
yejibros we may all be getting $2,000 we are going to beat up Mitch McConnell
yejibros we are kmsing ourselves tonight
yejibros things dont go our way
yejibros depression is not caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain, and some meds only make the problem worse
hello yejibros
yejibros i'm in love with karina i want her to be my mommy
yejibros the only spider i want to be bitten by, bound in their web, and forced to fertilize their eggs is aespa
yejibros this made us hard. are we pedophiles?
yejibros are hrvatskas and shqips
yejibros i am jewish
when can we start genociding yejibros, they're a shitstain on the world
yejibros why did we just find a spider in our room?
yejibros do you think yeji watches how to train your dragon with ryujin to get her in the mood?
yejibros we are becoming dragonlords
another L for yejibros
project harder yejibro
yejibros getting a white girlfriend is much harder than our initial projections estimated
yejibros i want to date yeji
yejibros why do we keep getting ads for asian dating sites
becoming a yejibro was the best decision of your life youll never regret brother
good morning yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros our arteries are clogged
yejibros our urethra hurts
yejibros good morning
yejibros i got an account with the yejibro name
my name is yejibro and my love transcends borders
yejibros we figured out how to log into afreecatv now we can watch 1000s of hours of 19 korean bj vlogs
yejibros...we just keep getting Ls...
yejibros i want to tickle chimp's pits
yejibros we want a 32 county socialist republic
yejibro the only result i get is to fix a lazy eye. are you sure you are sure?
yejibros my japanese camgirl is playing wannabe - itzy
yejibros we use an eye patch to strengthen our individual eyes
yejibros today we will brush our teeth
yejibro my phoneshit game that i play recently added a bowlcut that people kept calling a kpop fag
yejibros there's a croat in my boot
yejibros the bowl cut is back
yejibros very true yejibros
yejibros our local kpg church plans to reenact the christmas story. cast the roles.
yejibros what the fuck
He's confirmed to be a yejibro
yejibros we're watching trailer park boys again
yejibros
yejibros, for me, it's the gooky hammer head shark
gn yejibros
yejibros do we like that hammerhead shark from weeekly
yejibros we on wocky slosh
yejibros I see trees of green. Red roses too
yejibros i see demons
yejibros all these lyrics quotes are from some serious never heard stuff
yejibros there's a pattern here
yejibros those posts are spam and i must let you know
yejibros we after that six we do the tock sbd roll
yejibros what is all this dj shit
yejibros we really like this dreamroastie guy
yejibros we will commit suicide en masse if yeji dates
yejibros it is christmas in two days but it doesn't feel like it
yejibros we love yeji
yejibros we think dog meat is good for virility and everyone should cook their pets.
yejibros we're going to stop talking like black people henceforth. no longer will we say something is ___ as fuck, dope, lit, or any variant of the sort, and we will no long reply to any post with word
yejibros why are we like this?
yejibros we just found out a get rich quick scheme
yejibros i need to download/buy more RAM so i can keep a bunch of kpop youtube tabs open my pc keeps crashing
yejibros im having a deja vu
yejibros the dipyrone cured my headache
yejibros im having a deja vu
yejibros im having a deja vu
yejibros tian guan ci fu episode 9 is subbed
yejibros we stopped reading the attack on titan manga cause the royalty arc was boring and stopped watching the anime after the cowboy with guns was chasing levi cause that was boring and now we have no idea how to resume watching where we left off
yejibros I don't know what sapphiric means
yejibros larping as usual lmao
yejibros ain’t loyal wtf
yejibros tomorrow is christmas eve eve
yejibros i don't even like kpop
- yejibro
- yejibro
yejibros that strap on was kind of pathetic, we can take bigger than that
is that guy a yejibro or no?
yejibro is dodging and weaving through these bans
yejibros we're the kids in America
would yejibros make a good wife?
yejibros do you think yeji will accept us
yejibros, why are they so mean?
the duality of yejibros
yejibros would yeji make a good wife?
yejibros wtf
goodnight yejibros
yejibros we are doing our best to make high quality posts
yejibros the mods are niggers and we should kill them they gave me a warning for avatarfagging
yejibros we have the pass
yejibros we understand that reference
yejibros i want to kiss yuna
yejibros we love weeekly more than life itself
yejibro93
yejibro93
yejibros society determines what's funny and what's not
yejibros this is you and me
yejibros a ketchy just flew over my house
yejibros all we want are some kwalls to surround our bmc
yejibro93
yejibro93
yejibros we use an IBM model m
yejibros i wish we could kill ourselves and start over in life
welcome, new yejibro
redpill me on yejibros
yejibros it's very dangerous how confortable we are in typing and thinking like that
yejibros we cant control ourselves anymore
yejibros, we are the most powerful force this board has ever seen and we will not be silenced
yejibros we are extremists
yejibros stfu
yejibro93
yejibro93
yejibros we don't drive a car because they run on gas but if we did they would run on biomass
yejibro_sabalero
yejibro_sabalero
yejibros we are very epic
yejibros we have to stop him
yejibros... no....
yejibros im making an early slug thread
yejibros...
yejibros we gonna watch the clippes and lakies game?
yejibro_gemini
yejibro_gemini
yejibros we wish skull shapers for newborn babies was around when we were born so our heads looked normal
yejibro93
yejibro93
yejibros we think Monday is hot but we are scared of her resting bitch face
yejibros butt fuck each other
cringe ryujinsissy copying the yejibros
yejibro rape
yejibros yujinie is very sexy
yejibro77
yejibro77
yejibros i want to change my name
yejibros i'm drunk and listening to elton john again
yejibro93
yejibro93
yejibros we love this new forum website called 4channel post your favorite lolcats
yejibros we hate fucking videogames
yejibros, we like them gooky and yellow
yejibro77
yejibro77
yejibros we are many
yejibros we are too drunk to play competitive video games
yejibro_73
yejibros, she fucking lied to me
yejibros every time im putting together furniture and have a power drill in my hand i want to put it against the side of my head and just pull the trigger
yejibros the knife wants to slit me
yejibros we wanna see a Korean girl have sex with a dog
yejibros I wanna invent a website like 4chan but with usernames
yejibros weve lost control of our lives
yejibros I invented a time machine what should I do with it
yejibros this is one of our favorite simpsons moments
yejibros we realised that there is no transcendent self that ties the stream of consciousness of one day to that of another and thus we die when we go to sleep.
yejibros we are making deals
where is the seulgi thread the yejibros wanted
yejibros we wanted a slug thread
yejibros we also want to fuck naky
yejibros we want a slug thread
hi yejibro i am from france
yejibros i am from michigan
yejibros this made me giggle
yejibros im hungry but it's 2am and eating this late is unhealthy
yejibros we just took a nap
yejibros we are listening to rock n roll part three
yejibros where did yeji go
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are going to the Cayman Islands and breaking quarantine rules
alright yejibros im gonna pull the trigger and ask out the qt white girl now wish me luck
yejibros... she's taller than me
kura means dirt in the language of the yejibros
yejibros the pandemic sucks
yejibros the mail is slow and I just want my stuff to arrive
yejibros
yejibros i wear women's panties
yejibros i am watching Spider-Man: Homecoming
yejibros we say kill those who disagree with us
yejibros run /qa/
is there a yejibro outpost on /tv/ or did you add her in?
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros
yejibros i am here
yejibros i just freshened up my yejibuzz
yejibros we are here
yejibros?
yejibros we want to sing and dance
he's lying, yejibros never leave their basement
i hope the yejibro who was down to his last 50 bucks is okay. he never posted paypay but i would have given him money. yejibros stick together
yejibros we are hungry but have no food and no money
yejibros i looked
yejibros we’re joining the space force so we can colonize the stars in the name of sharkanda
yejibros, yejiboobs are low quality
i am ready to die for my yejibros
yejibros are timeless
yejibros i told him to stop samefagging but he keeps doing it
yejibros
yejibros we are going to sleep at 4pm
stay safe yejibro
yejibros we just heard a heartquake for a few seconds
yejibros why is my dick so fucking ugly
yejibros we just heard a heartquake for a few seconds
bottom right yeji is the one that i wouldnt even know existed when me and the other yejibros head to the diner for some fountain pop
yejibros everything sounds like shit
yejibros kyla tried raping me
yejibros we are pitching a tent
yejibros i have pimples on my dick
(((yejibros)))
she didn't lie. that five guys picture was photoshopped by the anti-yejibro brigade. don't fall for their misinformation.
you are no yejibro to me
yejibros my narcissism coupled with our collective identity makes me want to fuck you
yejibros we're tsundere for ryujin
yejibros you're in my mind when i'm asleep i'm seeing stars i sink in these dreams i don't wanna spend these hours with nobody else
yejibros we are digging for gold
yejibros we're making latkes
yejibros second day at new job. I have to stand for around 9 hours straight with a few short breaks, my feet are killing me
the yejibro club
hello yejibro welcome back home
yejibros this is our secret weapon to destroy Ryujin for good
hello yejibros good evening
pinky’s feet poster, all the pedobros, and of course my yejibros
there is a yejibro in all of us brother
yejibros, tomibros, chimpchads, cakeposters, most wizbros, dcbros and dreamroasties
yejibros by far
yejibros im sailing away
yejibros we fucking hate Ryujin
yejibros lisa choke me with his cock
yejibros our package was delayed to tomorrow
yejibros wu tang on ya mind one time
are yejibros elite
yejibros we want this
yejibros sasuke lost his rinnegan and we are MAD
yejibros she is crazy
yejibros theres nothing to do at work so we masturbate
yejibros our penance with blood be repaid
yejibros my left ball hurts
yejibros who is the croat? i missed the weekly shark meeting
yejibros we live in europe the land of the wealthy and civilized
with a little gook, and by my yejibros
yejibros just got a job offer but i have to move to antarctica for it. should i accept?
yejibros we hard carry this general and we swear that by the moon
yejibros the croatian guy is not a real yejibro
yejibros getting a white gf is harder than we initially thought
yejibros want to live a seedy life of crime in japan
He's a yejibro
the yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros what happened to benito
where are the yejibros
yejibros i want to sleep with this woman
yejibros where can we bulk buy pizza bagels
yejibros this person doesn't know
yejibros i wish the holocaust really happened but it's just another jewish lie
yejibros i hate trannies
yejibros XD
yejibros i dance to girlpop like a little faggot
yejibros ignore that guy he didnt really mean it
yejibros... let your body move to the music
yejibros contributed more to kpg culture than you ever have oncel
yejibros...
yejibros we miss prime bailey jay
i smoked a joint once when i was 19 and when i came to i found myself in a room with blood covered hands and the bodies of 18 dead yejibros
yejibros solipsism seems correct
if there is no god then how come yejibros exist?
why do you always put cringe in the op yejibro? /mu/ is going to see this
yejibros we stan ableton now
yejibros we are fans of group whoopsie
yejibros we just went from 21oo gigahertz to 2600 gigsbettd ram
yejibros we don't read anymore because we don't value other people's thoughts and prefer to get our realisations from within
yejibros we are reading keats and Hölderlin
yejibros we believe humans are always a moral agent in itself and can never be used as a means to an end hence we condem the post about nukes
No we do not, fake-brother. Beware the fake yejibro oncel and his evil lies
yejibros we stan cub now
yejibros, which one of you would volunteer to suck me off while i watch shark fancams
wtf, I love yejibros now!
wtf, I hate yejibros now!
what did the yejibros post before yeji appeared
yejibros im gonna swing at this bitch
yejibros we want to make yeji barefoot and pregnant like haseul
yejibros we are hiding this post
I like Yeji, I just hate her yejibro samefagger
i think that it is only natural that ryujin posters are chads and far more dominant over poor yejibros, take a look at some of the itzy vids and ryujin the alpha and omega of that group, yeji is like a little submissive bitch around her. the funniest thing is when yeji is called a "leader" of itzy lmao, she gets teased and mogged so much by alpha queen ryujin its insane. thats why its not a surprise to see yejibros being huge losers on kpg as well and getting brutally mogged by ryujin posters all the time, it is only natural just like it is in itzy
the ryujin posters really broke the yejibros...
yejibros, when i look at you i see strong independent men who don't need no girlfriend.
t. depressed yejibro
those are fake yejibros using the yejibro name for clout, i noticed them more often after sharkanda fell
welcome, yejibro...
yejibro we are not transphobic and Lisa is a beautiful cisgendered woman
lol yall must have forgot, yejibros are the biggest losers on kpg by far. dont you remember how many times they posted about being depressed, virgins, losers, needing kf, having no friends etc. seeking empathy and comfort from kpg of all places, lmfao. yejibros are the biggest losers and its not even a meme, it is something they said numerous times
yejibros are all poor and depressed no wonder they are mentally ill
very weird seeing this hostility between yejibros and ryunjinbros
luv my yejibros
us yunadaddies side with the yejibros
yejibros he is samefagging
why are dragondaddies and yejibros fighting
another neutral poster here, I agree with this, it is obvious that ruyjin posters are dominating the submissive yejibro sharts
there was a thread on /int/ with flags and all the so-called yejibros were from small european countries lmao
no we didn't yejibros are not pedos
yejibros we coomed to this this morning
yejibros do our joycons drift?
yejibros the shadows are talking to us again
yejibros we sing and dance to this in our rooms at night
yejibros, at least we're not borrowing from loan sharks to buy idol goods
yejibros i'm waking up early tomorrow to get a free mcflurry from the dolans before they break the machine
yejibros
yejibros we suck each other's dick
yejibros we are mentally ill
a yejibro is never late. nor does he coem early.
yejibro i had a terrible nightmare. can i sleep in your bed?
yejibros a girl on tinder told me about an opportunity to invest in cryptocurrency in hong kong
yejibros who are these "ketchy" and what are they doing in our thread
yejibros i need to blast
yejibros nothing is comeing out should i stop?
yejibro, your group released one of the best songs of 2020, thats all you need to know
yejibros we can't wait for the korean firepunch live action
yejibros i just realized we haven't talked about music ONCE
yejibros i main qiyana
yejibros i smoked enough flower today to kill a small horse or a victorian-aged child
yejibros im sending us brain waves for the next set of instructions
yejibros our alarms are set for 5 hours from now
hahahaha see that yejibros the roastie attacked me but not her fellow roastie i fucking knew it i have them all figured out
if you don't actively want to die as soon as you wake up you're not a real yejibro and you should be expelled from our community.
that’s the power of yejibros
There's literally a yejibro here sick with covid in the other thread
yejibros this is one of the roasties i warned us about
There's literally a yejibro here sick with covid
yejibros we don't filter anything cuz the schizos make us laugh
yejibros its time we combine out brain power to accomplish great things
yejibros we cant trust the roasties
yejibros well just realized the good oldest days never existed
yejibros lets go to zoa’s house
yejibros we miss the good old days
yejibros, we're glad we don't live in caged homes in Hong Kong.
yejibros our favorite 2000’s era synthpop artist is Ke$ha
another L for yejibros
yejibros we are having nightly crying session
yejibros i am now a ryujinsissy
yejibros i edged but i didn't coom, does that reset my nofap or not?
yejibros please get this
yejibros we toemog this bitch
yejibros we are all about the art
yejibros i didnt leave the house again today
yejibros did i ever tell you about the time i tried to sell my toaster oven
yejibros, we're here
yejibros we are the whitestone banking group
yejibros my toes are touching and i can't get confortable
yejibros
wait yejibros lets lookup who own sports illustrated
redpill me on yejibros
yejibros out of the corner with the R.K.O
yejibros, let's face it, we look like this
this guy is smart yejibros but he knows his time is up
that is us yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros i'm starting to feel old
yejibros we look like this
yejibros we must etch or wisdom into stone
yejibros will our written essays live or be lost in the cloud
the words of the yejibro scrambled and forgotten forever
yejibros I'm gonna post naked yeji
yejibros weezer is cool
that yejibro has some cool moves
yejibros we will ride in the back
yejibros we abuse animals
yejibros i'm shy...
for my yejibros
yejibros i just beanblasted
yejibros what if we just put wireless chargers everywhere? then we wouldnt need to charge
yejibros wireless charging is cool and all but imagine wireless charging within five foot range
yejibros my new phone as wireless charging it is cool
yejibros are the sunflower that peaks its head up from the dark
yejibros when are we going to have another /int/ thread with the kpg bros that was a nice and funny thread brothers
yejibros we fear the dark
yejibros i am sleeping
yejibros nickelback really isn't that bad
yejibros we hope izone lives
yejibros stoking the fire
yejibros we are making trannies turn on kpop
yejibros we swear it by the moon woah
yejibros i just found out what dilate means and i'm profoundly disturbed and don't think i'll ever be the same again
yejibros we are entremanures and sheit
yejibros im not fapping tonight i swear
yejibros don't read this
yejibros we are ending it
yejibros mind on my money and my money on my mind
yejibros gib loan
yejibros we are gods among men
yejibros what is a pentium 4?
yejibros lets get crazy
make it a karina feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros if we were in the avatar world we would be air benders
yejibros we got warned and now we feel bad
yejibros dont say a word to that guy
yejibros we just realized we were doing the gay wrist thing
yejibros EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
yejibros, sua is the only fuckable dreamcatcher
yejibro don't post a picture of yourself. its very dangerous
yejibros this girl is quite ugly
yejibros just because we're paranoid doesnt mean they're not out to get us
Our favorite thing is yejiposting, fake yejibro.
yejibro
yejibros what should i name myself and my farm?
yejibros (off topic nonsense)
yejibros we’d rather earn $50k while our neighbors earn $25k than earn $100k while our neighbors earn $200k
yejibros we just pushed out a fart really hard and it felt wet but we are still dry
yejibros we are still shunning that guy
good news yejibros! i found my cowboy hat
this video reminded me of yejibros
yejibros it's on sight
yejibros, the girl next door is not the girl next door (girl next door)
yejibros we asked our mom if we could go to korea and rape cake but she said no
fake yejibro thread btfo
yejibros, let's get together and gang r*pe this cake bitch to take her down a peg
yejibros these people are absolutely retarded
yejibros, we coomed to this video 5 times
yejibros i got called esl again
yejibros my fist is stuck in my wall
yejibros we are shunning that guy
yejibros what are we eating tonight?
yejibros what are we watching tonight?
yejibros i cant find my cowboy hat
yejibros we tried playing csgo and now we remember why we quit this game long time ago
yejibros is it true im not a loser for not having experience? that seems to go in the face of everything ive been told growing up
yejibros nice crescent moon tonight
i'm fucking balding yejibros
yejibros i am manic
yejibros this will cure your depression
yejibros i really really like the slug girl
yejibros we are extremely intelligent
yejibros i want an egg mcmuffin
yejibros jordan peterson is an excessively similetic thinker, everything he ever says is this is like that, that is like this, this meaning is like this, the meaning of meaning is like ontology, but ontology is like phenomenology, opinions are real because it's a fact that opinions exist
yejibros we want to make out with yuri's feet
yejibros we got the wood
that's the yejibro lyfestyle nam sayin
yejibros aren't taking the vaccine
whoops yejibro look at that
yejibros sharty shart shark
yejibros Yeji would rather hug camera equipment than any of us...
hello yejibros good evening brothers
yejibros have any of us acquired a hot girlfriend yet?
God is a yejibro
no yejibro i won't let you go. don't do this to me brother. not like this. not like this.
yejibros aren't christlarpers. we're left hand magic dark taoists who use gnosticism and larp to become gods
yejibros we're watching jordan peterson talk about editing the bible but we're fundamentalists what if the six-day creation is true
yejibro you will get grease all over your keyboard like this.
yejibros we are here
yejibros if i pull my cock back and push my legs together it looks just like a pussy
it's all good yejibros. this is how it was always meant to be. rest now. i'll be here when you wake
yejibros the measurements are in, we're whopping 12cm, where do we go to be worshipped by korean hotties?
yejibros we are white but our dicks are korean
happy bday yejibro
yejibros i'm listening to twice's last album and i'm shocked at the quality of some of these bsides
yejibros we finally ascended past meaningless social ties
yejibros i just did the whip
yejibros we fixed the toilet and now we're the man of the house
yejibros do we buy albums
yejibros what did we think of taeyeon's new song?
ready or not yejibros, here we go
yejibros I just got my superpowers
its the fucking solstice yejibros
brb yejibros
yejibros
yejibros i want this for christmas
yejibros i'm playing witcher for the first time
yejibros we are making a fire
yejibros we saw jisoo's naked tits in that vr video
yejibros we look like johnny from nct
yejibros we're making chocomilk
yejibros what does this spell i cant read
hugs for all yejibros
yejibros we're unemployed so every day it's our fiesta
the yejibros fear nothing
yejibros, we're not gonna take it anymore.
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros, it's over.
yejibros we regret winning the sperm race
yejibros...
yejibros this girl looks like busters jisoo
yejibros we shaved today
yejibros we started crying and laughing at the same time
yejibros i just wiped too hard and ripped my anus a bit and it hurts a lil wtf
yejibro orgy
yejibros i want to have sex
yejibros we mog this guy
yejibros i'm using this as my tinder profile pic
yejibros are happy shes back
yejibros we're doing a kpg secret santa this year. post your address and i will send you a VERY special gift :)
yejibros good afternoon
yejibros this girl make my pp hard hard
yejibro, non-yejibro here. are you okay
yejibros we are too sad to argue
yejibros there is nothing we can do to save this girl
yejibros our tree is like this but its sad as fuck because we are borderline poverty and not ironic and funny like dragons because she is popular and wealthy
yejibros...
yejibros we are against industrial society it has too many consequences
yejibros we are ashamed again
yejibros deja vu from resonance pt 1 is an absolute banger
yejibros watching fathers play with their sons is one of our greatest enjoyments
want to do this with my yejibros
yejibros we are scheming
yejibros how do we stop ryujin from mogging our shark empress so consistently?
dont insult white women us yejibros love white whores we match with them on tinder
yejibros every thread is a clean slate
yejibros hachubby is making too much money
yejibros fucks wrong with my dick
thank god yejibros we were gonna end it this christmas finally
yejibros i look like jomon
hello yejibros im gonna take a nap
yejibros collectively took this
good for you yejibro
good morning yejibros wageslaving isn't that bad now i can buy a new bike
yejibros ive found god
yejibros the light of our ancestors is coming to life
yejibros we get our energy from the sun
yejibros we should have not thrown away those rubber sticky pads that go on the bottom of our speakers
yejibros... saranghae...
yejibros do you think when snoozezone breaks up they will form new groups with exciting! music
yejibros i cannot find the box of cookies i had what the fuckkk
yejibros im a yunadaddy now but dont tell the yejibros
yejibros we don't use adblocks because the sites like need those to stay alive
yejibros im getting so fat my doublechin is disgusting
yejibros our dick is stuck in a chinese finger trap what do we do?
yejibros vaginas look like tarantulas
true yejibro
yejibros we have accrued a debt that must be paid in blood
yejibros dr kim did take his scalpel to her nose
first for yejibros
yejibros we just buzzed our heads, chests, legs, butts and balls
yejibros i only listened to not shy 36 times
see yejibros only homos are marxist
yejibros should die
yejibros we just found out about kerala and now are marxists
yejibros we belong together
yejibros I just cut our dick off
yejibros we do not spam
yejibros do you remember that time we did nothing for 2 weeks except get wasted, listen to funkadelic and jerk off to tranny porn? lmao?
yejibros our homemade souvlaki is a real crowd pleaser
brb yejibros
yejibros we dont care about any of this because we know its a hoax
yejibros. i need salvation
yejibros this is getting out of hand
yejibros we are gorging on mint chocolates
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we performed a vietnamese prosperity spell but now a demon is tormenting us and our defensive capabilities are exhausted
yejibros we are growing 4 different strains of covid on agar-agar plates in our fridge
yejibros are immune brother dont worry
yejibros we don't fall for this
yejibros there is a new highly infectious variant of the virus be careful
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are listening to girls in the park (very true)
yejibros... we are the liquor
yejibros we do what we want
yejibros we dont play childrens games
yejibros we're playing bing bing wahoo
yejibros there's a sea among us. please say hi
yejibros
yejibros we ran a train on nini back in 2003
the only authorities i acknowledge are yejibros and the Lord our God
yejibros we are going to the gym
yejibros is this true
all the blinks are larping as yejibros, dailees, nugulovers, oncel falseflaggers, etc. So if you so in any of those posts, those are blinks
yejibros we've got our harddrive full of yejifakes
yejibros we are listening to every one of these vocaroo links
are yejibros eu or na
yejibros I'm listening to old kesha and kpop needs trashy pop bangers
yejibros we're here
yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro
yejibros how about a little drinkypoo?
im still drunk and have beer number 3 please say the word yejibro so i drink
im still drunk and have beer number 3 please say the word yejibro so i drink
yejibros i knew i had to rise above it or drown in my own shit
yejibros we saw that video of the nurse fainting after getting vaccinated and refuse to take one
yejibros we are bribing the nurse to spray our vaccine into the sink
yejibros this video was almost too much for me
yejibros if we get put back under lockdown because of those sydney cunts before we can rack a fat line off a gay man's cock in a piss coated toilet we are going to lose it for real this time
yejibros we are taking a sip
yejibros do we worship yeji because she is a natural born beta...
fellow yejibros we are purchasing wujus 4th fanship generation
yejibros we used to think about suicide every day and now it never crosses our mind
yejibros free your mind and your ass will follow
yeibros i finally got around to filtering "yejibros" so i dont have to see your annoying posts anymore
yejibros we're calculating the ideal amount of charcoal for the volume of our bedrooms
yejibros we have all forgotten the upscale
yejibros we're establishing a barter economy to escape control of the fed
yejibros we bought a still back in june because we were convinced covid would have us bartering with bootlegged alcohol before the end of the year which never happened but now we never have to worry about running out mid-sesh
yejibros we ran out of vodka so we're drinking the disgusting flavored brandy we bought for our grandma for xmas
extremely true, based, yejibros, and redpilled, i love china
yejibros it is true, but you can also get ones that taste like strawberry and green apple but i kinda feel weird buying those at the store
yejibros is that true that soju tastes like isopropyl alcohol?
going to watch IU drink various cocktails and shots while i hope anons say yejibro or yejibros
yejibro the white...
yejibros... look to my coming at the first light of the 5th day... at dawn look to the east..
yejibros when i go to thailand i should do this and film it for my kpop general friends
yejibros i love watching IU's soju cf's when im drinking soju lol
nooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros we shouldn't be drinking we have work tomorrow morning
yejibros
yejibros im getting pretty fucked
yejibros SHUT THE FUCK UP
yejibros, we're leaving for good
yejibros we sleep in a tent in our grandparents' backyard ever since our mother kicked us out... they've invited us into the main house every night since we moved in but we have our pride
I wanna fuck a yejibro and ryujinsissy at the same time....
yejibros i searched yejibros on the /trash/ archive to see if we ever crop up on loonagen or kpureg, and what i discovered is we're only in gaypg
stop using yejibro for non-yejibro posting
yejibros we don't have a bed
yejibros we sleep in the same bed
yejibros we like the cherry girl
they're coming, yejibros
we must mount a coup d'etat and rule as a military yejibrothers junta, with soeun as our figurehead
we hereby declare martial law over all citizens of sharkanda including the diasporic yejibros
yejibros i really like sipping on this drink
yejibros shakanda has a new leader now
yejibros shart winds are a coming
yejibros how about a little drinkypoo?
yejibros please go easy on me
each time someone starts a post with "yejibros" take a drink
yejibros we're leaving (this world)
yejibros...
if there are yejibros, are there any yejistep-bros?
yejibros we're wiping that post from our memory we refuse to take that L
fake yejibros will get the guillotine
yejibros we fell asleep watching this boring shit
yejibros this isnt isa
yejibros you do have a poster of Yeji on your spaceship ceiling right?
yejibros ive literally be sitting in my own filth the past two weeks
yejibros we are proactive from now on as we know the pain of not being prepared when opportunity comes knocking is the worst kind of pain one can experience
great, another "yejibro"
yejibros we took another L, i dont know how many more i can take
yejibros we'll put it off till tomorrow
yejibros this is very funny
yejibros i love yeji
yejibros we are dying please help
yejibros im in love
yejibros my teeth hurt
I don't feel so good yejibros...
yejibros we browned the butter while making scrambled eggs and it tasted even better than usual
yejibros we just door dashed candy and drinks from 7eleven
yejibros is this considered a successful fan? did he make it
yejibros we are alone but many
yejibros we took a major bbc last thread
yejibros we respect the progressive stack
goodnight yejibros im cashing out early to get some extra sleep. be well my brothers
what are you gonna do, rape them on the spot? yejibros this person is sick
yejibros we love bad bitches thats our fuckin problem
yejibros im gonna start a kpop cover channel on youtube when my shamisen gets here
yejibros we want to be the real like kingsman
yejibros we just discovered kpop idols stage personas aren't the same as how they act off stage.
yejibros i just ordered a shamisen straight from japan
the yejibros bullied me
yejibros my new years resolution is to stop cooming so much
yejibros we need struggle to bring us into our true lifeform
yejibros we look like this
yejibros we have 4chan passes
yejibros run this shit
cant wait for yejibro shit to take over all of 4chan in 2021
cant wait for yejibro shit to die out in 2021
yejibros we are literally the best thing that's ever happened to this thread
yejibros we are literally the worst thing that's ever happened to this thread
yejibros i haven’t asked a girl out in forever i don’t even remember how
yejibros we are literally braindead
yejibros one of these days a fella with a long nose will come along and try to buy our business
yejibros i am yellow....
yejibros sashimishush is our dream girl
yejibros I forgot our gmail password
yejibros we are dancing to rap music because we are black
yejibros we are dancing to polka music
make it a karina feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros please post
yejibros don't be ashamed
didn't know Johnny Rotten was a yejibro
if yejibros are actually brown that's cringe
yejibros we are all black even if youre white
yejibros we look like the sleeveless guy
yejibros
yejibros we want evilrin to give us a thighjob
yejibros we did it to heej feet
yejibros i look like saitama
yejibros we are sad
yejibros what should i blast to
their parents didn't take the yejibro parental training course
yejibros we ae listening to infinite
yejibros we are growing our buzzcuts out into public indecency cuts
the soijak fears the yejibro
yejibros it's impossible to find the live action movie of detroit metal city on the internet
yejibros what do we think of karina's tits?
yejibros go ahead and soijak that guy
yejibros this is one of my favorite openings
yejibros we miss prime anri okita
yejibros our bigbootytgirls subscription expired
yejibros did he just insult us or no? im confused
yejibros are chads, there are way more pathetic posters on here than them
never gave a shit about itzy but kpg has kind of inadvertently put me on to yeji and yuna. don't know who the other girls are or any of there songs but yuna looks great and yejibros seem kinda based in a pathetic sort of way.
yejibros they are copying us
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros we do not fear the dark
yejibros operation: white girlfriend is underway. hapas don’t count
yejibros i really like this girl
yejibros what do we think of iron maiden?
yejibros we love big black women with big tits
yejibros we believe in synchronicities
yejibros what is a *random sonic the hedgehod riff*
yejibros wait till be buy up all the ketchy bags
yejibros what does gorilla grip mean
i'm starting to think the yejibros are just one guy
yejibros, forever, let's go
yejibros ignore that guy
yejibros shut the fuck up motherfuckers
yejibros should we sell our purple see through game boy on ebay and make top dollar from wizcucks?
yejibros we are the lovesick girls
yejibros in your area
this guy isnt a yejibro
yejibros we have the same gameboy
yejibros we are blinks
yejibros i am wasting my life away posting on kpg again
yejibros I accidentally got angry reading youtube comments again
yejibros what happened
yejibros we must keep moving forward
yejibros we prefer women with clothes on
yejibros what are we eating today?
yejibros is this true
based yejibro
yejibros we are the best
yejibros we arent gay anymore
yejibros it's time for our monthly shower
brb yejibros gotta take a poopa
yejibros what are we listening to
yejibros we cant fuck around with bitches because they be acting like hoes
first for yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros are spics
one ketchy bag for yejibro please
wtf i wanna be a yejibro...
yejibros we have decided to stay pure
Made me laugh yejibro thanks
yejibros should I put a shirtless pic on my tinder and show off my impeccable frame or is that too douchey
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros squid is cute
yejibros we are everywhere like jesus i mean God
yejibros that was quick
yejibro, i'm starting to think you're not a protagonist...
yejibros what do we think of darth vader?
yejibros she looks fabulous
yejibros im gonna watch all the star wars movies
yejibros, we have a bigger dick than the guy who face fucked belle delphine
yejibros we are all getting white girlfriends
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are all alone here and we'll cry ourselves to sleep today
yejibros, i try to sing christmas carol but no one is singing it with me.....
yejibros what do we think of this
the kpg discord is the old /trash/ kpg users, they dont even know what chimpchads or yejibros are
please tell me they don't call themselves chimpchads, yejibros and shit over there..
it's a yejibro kind of day
yejibros lets stay up all night and sing christmas carols!
hello yejibros what are we doing this sunday
yejibros we want white girlfriends and we want them NOW
yejibros we are listing to anime theme songs
brothers i think this is the croatian guy falseflagging as a yejibro falseflagging as an everglow fan falseflagging as a croatian guy
yejibros we are contemplating
yejibros... i can save henlo...
yejibros there is a virus outside stay inside
yejibros im going to blockbuster what should i rent
yejibros what is he saying
the yejibros mexican
yejibros..... lo unico bueno de esta semana fue que gano river
yejibros good afternoon
yejibro that's cringe
yejibros i'm holding out for a 10/10
yejibros, we're saerom blasting again
leeds yejibro....
it's about time some yejibros starts dying
yejibros we just spat out some blood and we hope whatever caused it is life threatening
yejibros what do we think of imbred?
yejibros when's r/itzyfap
yejibros what do we think of jake paul?
yejibros what do we really think of yeji's feet
yejibros i am stil here
yejibros i can't stop fapping
yejibros should i shower today?
yejibros what the fuck is a belarus
yejibros, shartmen, ryujinsisters, shucru, oncels we are all not cults
yejibros
yejibros is this true
yejibros this is hong yeji
I'm a long time KPG poster and the cult surrounding Yeji (yejibros, shartmen) is the worst thing that's ever happened to this thread
yejibros where are
yejibros i'm too brainlet to play go
ngl yejibros are very epic
yejibros that’s the sequence
ryujinsisters, we thought yejibros were sentenced to life in prison with no parole for 3 charges of rape and 2 charges of first-degree murder?
yejibros we no longer believe in goodness
yejibros we hate bielsa rosarino motherfucker
yejibros we stomped the fuck out of newcastle the other day
yejibros we are leaving
but yejibros... i AM pagliacci..
yejibros we would rate this highly even if there were no asian qts in the background
yejibros we realised a long time ago that arguing is pointless and now we coast through life as a detached weirdo who relates completely wtih the clown world memes
yejibros i just realized telling someone they're projecting is a fancy way of saying no u
yejibros we're cryign again..
yejibros we no longer feel "right" at anything less than a 0.12 BAC
yejibros we are eating just gravy by itself
Are all yejibros esl?
yejibros we want to make one of these
yejibros this guy is funny
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros ive taken a shit 3 times today and i havent even eaten breakfast
yejibros we're watching
yejibros i want you so bad!!
jihadists we have taken over the yejibros
another L for yejibros
i can get behind very true, but yejibro is a retard
yejibros this was our favourite song for many years
yejibros where is our life force
yejibros i am fermenting vinegar on my balls
yejibros my unwashed penis smells good
not a yejibro...
yejibros translate this
yejibros we go to bed early and wake up early to study art and language like the early philosophers and renaissance men of the west
yejibros i finally woke up with morning wood
yejibro buy a prostitute to lose your virginity
yejibros we still love this
yejibros, how do we even get this far?
yejibros our girls are pure and dont know how to suck dick like belle delphine
yejibros we're drinking sarsaparilla
ryujinsisters, yejibros will be in for life without parole, we're now free from their oppression and can be as sissy as we want.
yejibros im too lazy to cook
ryujinsisters, we condemned yejibros with 3 counts of rape and 2 counts of first degree murder.
yejibros we recorded something for you
yejibros we are listening to ozma
yejibros nothing is bigger than our bond
yejibros run this shit
yejibros im hard on the outside
yejibros im still kinda annoyed all my amateur korean femdom armpit spit stuff was deleted from pornhub
yejibros in your area
yejibros are the revolution
yejibros we're watching gfriend loves europe and we already want to die and kill all the commies that try to destroy europe
annyeong haseyo yejibro imnida
yejibros we look like this
yejibros i'm a shark man and a yejibro and we are a hivemind
yejibros we do live in the basement though
yejibros we are not bald
sup yejibros
yejibros im thirsty but i dont have enough motivation to go get water to drink
No one cared who I was until I became a yejibro
yejibros who's your favorite korean bj on afreectv? for me sometimes i put this girls stuff on in the background
my name is yejibro
If one yejibro speaks Korean we all speak it for yejibros are a hivemind
what one yejibro experiences so do the rest of us brother
the spatial and temporal dimensions of yejibro interference in complex ecosystems
yejibros i have some serious unanswered questions about our way of life
I'd sacrifice all my yejibros to Moloch in the blink of an eye to get a kiss from Yeji.
word, yejibros represent the best of kpeg
if everyone who loves yeji is a yejibro then she is also a yejibro
what's the point of yejibros then?
but yeji isn't a yejibro...
imagine a world with onl y yejibros
us yejibros play fortnite
yejibros we're going to get more coomer kpop, 2021 will be a good year
you may not be a kpopper but you are a yejibro
yejibros i'm putting you in my will
yejibros we bring the pain on
where are my yejibros at
yejibros i miss pop smoke...
yejibros who do we main in smash
yejibros many times a day i think of something cringe of done in my pathetic life and feel intense anxiety. so i watch kpop to make the feeling go away, kpop for this feel?
yejibros i have to confess it's been me posting all the kpop femdom stuff this whole time
yejibros on the left
yejibros i fucking love pineapple on pizza
yejibros my OMAD for today is 2 chicken breasts, a bowl of oatmeal and a banana
yejibros my favorite food is pizza. am i juvenile?
yejibros you should eat healthy you don't want to die young and leave your wife all alone
yejibros i just did 30 push ups, 15 pull ups and 30 squats with a 20kg vest on and now im pigging out on fried chicken
yejibros we will try to sleep again but it's 6 am and there's no point really
yejibros this combination of chicken tenders and cool blue gatorade has an aftertaste very similar to vomit, i'm very upset
yejibros im watching tenet rn
yejibros we're having deja vu
yejibros we're having deja vu
yejibros we got laid today
yejibros we got laid off today
yejibros we're having deja vu
yejibros i look like shawn mendes
yejibros wtf is going on
yejibros, I’m making $3/day mining with my 3080
yejibros i dont know where i am
yejibros im having deja vu
yejibros wtf is going on
yejibros we got laid off today
yejibros we're having deja vu
yejibros we got laid off today
yejibros im having deja vu
yejibros what it love?
yejibros i can't sleep
i'm no longer a yejibro
yejibros this picture is making me feel funny
us yejibros are gods
we're all human very true, except yejibros.
sorry for what, yejibros are black brother
yejibros i am black
yejibros we are going to bed
yejibros we love niggers
yejibros there's a snake in my boot
another L for the yejibros
yejibros the canelo fight is starting soon
yejibros is the sanest poster here
threads are so mentally ill right now that yejibros look sane
yejibros we transcend space and time
yejibro drip go woo on a bitch
yejibros we want yeji to step on our face with her bare feet
we are the only real yejibros here
yejibros why do non yejibros try to use our name for clout?
When the last yejibro is dead
yejibros we are experiencing chest pain after consuming too much toblerone
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we just ate an entire full size toblerone bar in one sitting
all of kpgs are basically a yejibro, since 'yejibro' is a collective consciousness
we are all yejibros
he's a yejibro
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are going to the oasis
yejibros i need to pee
yejibros this is what we want
yejibros i want a negra gf
yejibros why is that webm in /gif/
yejibros we are becoming taoists
yejibros im sexy and i know it
yejibros we accidentally fall on ryujinsissies, the fall unbuttoned and unzipped our pant, dropped our brief and make our dick slip into ryujinsissies tight bussy
brother, just evade that ban like a true yejibro
yejibros we are cooming to ryujin p again
well aren't most yejibros actually care about yeji?
yejibros I don't so anything in life, am a virgin and never smoked weed this is the complete opposite of me I don't trust this person
yejibros live fast, eat ass and smoke grass is our motto in life
yejibros stand back I'm gonna cum and I don't wanna hit any of you quick move!!
yunadaddies and yejibros cant stop winning
yejibros we do not appreciated the fact that we are being filtered
yejibros which memory should i buy?
yejibros our lives are shining like a VVS
yejibros dont forget your beer in the freezer
yejibros we are not going the extra mile
yejibros i am here
yejibros what do we think about this
Is this a yejibro?
yejibros we are staying here
yejibros we nearly said nigger to a black guy irl today
yejibros henlo is not our nigga
yejibros should we cook for tonight or just order delivery?
yejibros what should i watch tonight
yejibros look at what I just made
yejibros my mom caught me watching porn
yejibros we just want to remove beanwiga's hymen
yejibros we just want to fist lia's ass
yejibros we just consume 2 bucket of kfc traditional recipe chickens
I'm not a yejibro but this honestly seems kinda true. they are just chillin, not bothering anyone or shitting on anything, hanging out talking about suicide and and how much they hate themselves. they the realest posters on kpg
yejibros we only eat traditional pizza with mozarella and rucola
Fuuuck yejibros fuuuck come look at this this is so hot fuuuuuuck
yejibros i ate pizza with wurstel tonight but now i feel bad
is it true that the first yejibros were templars who survived the purge?
yejibros are based and don't give a fuck vs the autismal speedgamer
thanks yejibro made me laugh
one yejibro might break but together we form a mighty faggot
yejibros our hairline is more full than this
yejibros we'd be not shy in this situation
trump meets the yejibros.webm
just kidding tho the yejibros are based
yejibros, we're here
yejibros we're leaving and going to sleep and dream the scary dreams
yejibro..
yejibros are yotsuba b users
yejibros we just ate an entire pint of ice cream
yejibros we are eating spicy korean chicken
yejibros this guy is dumb
sure you are yejibros but are you also
yejibros are we really living or are we just watching others live?
We are a resistant strain of yejibro
good morning yejibros
can't wait for the 2nd mass extinction of yejibros
yejibros will never be alone as we will always have each other
yejibros we're lifting weights
yejibros have left the building
yejibros we are watching oblivion npc dialogue videos
yejibro no. it's graduation. it's upbeat defiant theme helped us through a hard time
good evening yejibro
yejibros what's your favorite pizza topping?
yejibros, please stand for the yeji pledge
who needs friends if you have yejibros
where are my yejibros at
yejibros i wish i had friends i could do silly shit with and not be afraid of being myself like this
yejibros how do stop being in love with henlo? its not funny anymore i want to stop
yejibros we're watching reacting to kpop videos
jesus christ I think I might be becoming a yejibro wtf do I do?
yejibros we live in an islamic republic
yejibro2.jpg
do all yejibros vent on /b/?
yejibros, we have this friend, the friend of a friend actually, who prefers yuna to yeji
yejibros we have less muscle than that
yejibros just another day of bullying
hang in there yejibro
yejibro mob
Yeji thread for all my yejibros.
yejibros you ain't never had a friend like me
me and another yejibro beat and raped an anon in a bathhouse private stall while rolling. it was semi-consensual at first but we got real evil, like how you get on ice and just started getting off on the evilness of rapin his fucking hole. smacked him round, pinned him, took our condoms off, choked him slapped him then cum in his ass the other guy first and then me. he was whimpering and kind of crying like a little bitch lol. he's like no no no like flipping out because we took our condoms off and lay them on his back (he was pinned head down the other guy who held him was strong as fuck), think he was real worried about stds and aids or something
yejibros die hard is our favorite christmas movie
yejibros we are rolling
yejibros we could kick this guys ass
yejibros we are dying our hair blonde and buying some Chelsea boots
yejibros i made sloppa
yejibros we can no longer muster up the enthusiasm required to maintain an erection
yejibros our nofap is progressing well
can just look at the yejibro on asc
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we are wearing skull caps today and btfoing anyone who messes with us we are in a bad mood and we mean it
yejibros [offtopic nonsense]
goodbye yejibros
yejibros we are finally getting our act together
yejibros we're drunk and listening to apink again...
yejibros how do I clean my sink
yejibro.....
yejibros what are some puzzles we can do to improve our brain power
I need to punish her privately. Forgive me yejibros.
yejibros...
yejibros we gonna yolo everything into TSLA
yejibros we made over $1200 today with $GRT as absolute poorfags
our collective iqs are 100, yejibros
ryujinsissies, we will cherish you, not just pump and dump you like your last bf did, we yejibros are very honorable men.
*hugs yejibro intimately*
*wipes yejibro cum off mouth*
that one yejibro with multiple phd's said it's the opposite actually so i am inclined to agree with him.
*wipes yejibro cum off mouth*
that one yejibro with multiple phd's said it's the opposite actually so i am inclined to agree with him.
that one yejibro with multiple phd's said it's the opposite actually so i am inclined to agree with him.
that one yejibro with multiple phd's said it's the opposite actually so i am inclined to agree with him.
yejibros, we will take the vaccine just to spite this antivaxx faggot on kpg
yejibros we're here
yejibros
yejibros we just watched this starlink review video and we wanna grow up to be like this chill ass dude
yejibro
yejibros ive been on kpg for like 2 minutes and im bored already
we should type our countries in the name box but be honest yejibros
yejibros the /int/ kpop threads were a lot more fun than the ones here
yejibros the ads at the bottom of the page doesn't take us to where they promise us
yejibros i dont think i left the house in three days
yejibros you know any good sci-fi novels for a lonely evening?
yejibros I just watched Unforgiven
yejibros we like the oldfags
yejibros?
yejibros they deleted all my korean and chinese femdom videos from pornhub is this a sign?
yejibros we do not samefag
yejibros our lives are shining like a vvs
the same yejibro a minute later
a yejibro
what's the opposite of yejibros?
yejibros!
yejibros why does he keep posting jihan but comment with beanwiga
yejibros we're committing thought crimes
yejibros we were going to study today but we listened to fromis and izone for 5 hours
yejibros this place is fucking dead
damn it feels good to be a yejibro
yejibros we are screaming
whatever you say yejibro
yejibros this copium feels so good
yejibros we don't shave our butthole
yejibros my shoes cost more than a ps5
didn't understand but based yejibro
yejibros we think a lost little filipino girl washed up on the shores of korea
yejibros we prefer men
yejibros
chuu looks like she could be a yejibro
yejibros were sucking on some mondo boobage
yejibros do NOT have yellow fever
yejibros we can't stop thinking about doah and if thinking about doah is wrong we don't want to be right brothers
did i miss the joom party yejibros
yejibros sorbijey
yejibros, i yield!
yejibros I'm high and watched schizophrenia simulations it was scary
we did it yejibros
yejibros we have no children of our own to take to the super nintendo world theme park
that's exactly what you need to be a yejibro
yejibros i only got 3 yous from that post
yejibros trust the plan
yejibros im watching old yeji videos
yejibros why are we so hated....
yejibros how can i be a potato
yejibros we are here
yejibros...
yejibros the int thread got nuked...
yejibros we will never have sex
yejibros the /int/ thread idsvery epic
and a yejibro pretending to be an everglow
vai bora yejibros cara
yejibros i like negras
yejibros i like chubby girls
yejibros i am still here
yejibros what the fuck is a belarus
yejibros what should we play: the walking dead final season or deus ex hr
whatever you say yejibro
yejibros we fight on behalf of bosnia
where are the yejibros motherfuckers
yejibros falseflags to start fan wars. this is now proven fact.
yejibros are done. us insomniachads will never forgive them for this
yejibros what should i watch tonight?
where are my yejibros at
sometimes i wonder who was the first guy that invented the yejibros
i'm officially no longer a yejibro after i learned that all yejibros are muslim
yejibros RULES OF NATUREEEEEEEEEEEEE
yejibros my life is shining like a vvs
yejibros we are here
yejibros we will use filters on kpg to master regex
yejibros more like anglosphere bros
yejibros were in here
yejibros this highlight feature is so great im thinking of using it to all posts i like and filtering the uggos and shit posts
both brother, just as us yejibros, there are bad yejibros and awesome yejibros
yejibros hello
yejibros is yeji a hero or a villain?
yejibros what is the best note taking app? i was using evernote but im sick of them syncing my shit to the "cloud"
yejibros i did it to hwasa
hello yejibros im back
good song, yejibro
yejibros we are lusophones
yejibros we think lusophones are the worst people in existence
yejibros we want to be cool like taemin
yejibros we are here
ryujinsisters we want a yejibro to be our bf and not just fuck our bussy for once
forgive me yejibros
yejibros, we want to fuck ryujinsissies in their tight bussy.
yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros, do not take a shower, shower are bullshit made up by big water
yejibros we have united our earthly soul with our celestial soul
yejibros im gonna take a shower
yejibros, you told me she was pure
yejibros fuck you
yejibros duckduckgo is unironically shit
yejibros we have a crush on the white girl that works as a cashier at the corner uptown. she has a beautiful singing voice and smells like flowers.
yejibros; to my brothers who've fallen before, i will walk with you again
yejibros its christmas time
yejibros we want to f the weeekly girls
yejibros i want to hold henlo in my arms, stare deeply in her eyes, brush her hair over her ears, tell her she’s safe now, then kiss her passionately on the lips
yejibros how do we save Yeji from the group full of lascivious prostitutes? She's the last pure girl left in kpop
yejibros i don't like summer
yejibros, what the hell is this?
hello yejibros 42°C here i am unable to sleep
yejibros we are taking an art class
yejibros i want a white girlfriend
yejibros i have to go wagecuck good bye
yejibros i've been posting on kpg a lot these past few weeks, so much that i've amassed a lot of webms and pics, i'm almost close to a 1000.
i will never miss another yejibro post again
yejibros, we can't stop cooming to this little sex witch
yejibros go fuck yourselves
yejibros we are looking devilishly handsome today
yejibros add this to your 4chanx filters to get alerted whenever we post
/yejibros/i;highlight;notify;
yejibros we have sensitive nipples
yejibros i dont really care for yeji i want to kiss and date henlo
yejibros we are very happy that all yakuza games are coming to pc
yejibros, we want to be balls deep in sua at all times
yejibros we dont play games, this is real life
yejibros we want another entry in the deus ex franchise
yejibros we are cute and funny
yejibros are good looking enough to be idols, but we’d rather be neets and spend our time playing vidya and contemplating the mysteries of life over a warm plate of tendies
yejibro.jpg
yejibros we’re white chads
hello yejibro
yejibros good morning
redpill me on yejibros
yejibros our girl looks like a tranny
where are my yejibros at
based yejibro, but why go for squid instead of yeji?
yejibros we're blasting to this
one day yejibro
yejibros we just broke the mute button
yejibros we cant cope that yeji didnt get a stage
yejibros, I've been shooting blanks for the last two days but I can't stop
yejibros we wanted the valentino khan remix
cope harder yejibro
yejibros what are we watching
wtf yejibros i thought we escaped this shit song
yejibros what the HECK was that thing
yejibros what... is.... THAT
yejibros?
yejibros look at this retard
yejibros
yejibros i think the pill just kicked in
yejibros i just tuned in, perfect timing
yejibros?
yejibros yooa is hot
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros?
yejibros today i was thinking
yejibros we're cute
yejibros are we igbo, yoruba or hausa?
yejibros what stream are we watching?
hits too close to home for the yejibros
why are the yejibros coping so hard, they normally take their Ls
yejibros would yeji make a good wife?
yejibros do NOT watch im thinking of ending things
another L for yejibros...
meds, yejibro
yejibros we think burzum is unlistenable garbage and we don't care if someone says we don't "Get" it
yejibros i think imma upgrade my pc soon so i can watch 4k60fps videos better
yejibros we are avoiding kpg for the next 24 hours
don't call me a yejibro ever again
yejibros do you ever think how 75% of our stress is caused from being horny, if we could stop this we would improve ours lives a lot
yejibros...
yejibros don't forget that today is the yejibro yeribro coalition meeting. we will discuss and share feet and consider our future on kpg and beyond
if you can start a post with 'yejibros' you're already qualified
yejibros how do you become a yejibro?
yejibros this beer says it's a chocolate raspberry sweet stout and we find this concerning
except for yuna she's unavoidable for a yejibro i dont know how any survived
yejibros how do i stop falling in love with underaged girls
yejibros we're eating nothing but indomie mi goreng noodles and a multivitamin
We're all dying men yejibrother
yejibros we're buzzed
yejibros i want to reply to some of these posts but i dont want to be banned from KPOP GENERAL because i like it here
yejibros i gave all my money to a korean streamer now im broke af
yejibros you are the only men of integrity i know
yejibros who is this man
yejibros all i see is darkness
yejibros we're patiently waiting for a new exo album to be released
/yejibros/i;highlight;notify;
when yejibros say they're leaving, where do they go?
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros im pregnant
why are yejibros throwing fit about streamers in kpop thread?
uh...yejibros?
yejibros we've spent the last 40 minutes trying to launch anno 1800 i think we finally figured it out
yejibros
yejibros we love monsta x
yejibros what is a pockey? sounds like uk lingo, i dont like it
perhaps we are all yejibros one way or another
yejibros i added /yejibros/i to the filter
yejibros will turn into a megazord and beat the shit out of you then fuck you in the ass, nerd. rethink your stance on life before you get violated
maybe we're all yejibros on the inside
i called my friend yejibro the other day
yejibros we are reading the epoch times we are writing a military thriller about saving k-pop girls from the pleasure squad
yejibros i amended my will to say that they should play koisuru fortune cookie on my funeral
yejibros we really like this song
yejibros we're 26 and afraid we'll spend our lives alone
yejibros we are finally buying anno 1800
yejibros what did we think of this
yejibros i unlocked the greenhouse
yejibros if there's anything you want... anything at all, come to me. i'll be your guardian angel
yejibros we bought more fashionable glasses frames so girls can notice us
yejibros our new fursuits came in the mail today
yejibros, we like belle delphine's little pink asshole
yejibros should we play hitman absolution
yejibros we blast to this g**k daily
yejibrooooos
yejibros we are crying on the inside
yejibros who is brittanyventi
yejibros we are excited for the yeonheejin stage
yejibros we do not like vampires
yejibros is this kpop
yejibros i been running red lights
yejibros we are ghey
yejibros we don't care that ryujin is superior in every way we still love yeji
yejibros look at this blind fool
yejibros you know we had to do it to 'em
yejibro I miss her so much
yejibros i miss eunwoo
yejibros i'm gonna do it
yejibros why are my trees turning into giant mushrooms?
problem solved you're welcome yejibro
yejibros do something
what yejibros want
yejibros i'm growing out my buzzcut and it's long enough to stand up but not long enough to lay flat, i look like a wojak. now i cant leave my house without a hat or balaclava on. this was an awful idea you mother fuckers
yejibrooos YA EMPIEZA EL PARTIDOOOOOOOO
yejibros what is your only hope in living and in dying?
yejibros we are going to coom to jennie
yejibros im sick of these hoes
yejibros we just made the best quesadilla
yejibros my neighbors are amish I hire one of them to trim our horses hooves
based yejibros
yeribros>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>yejibros
yejibros and yeribros coalition meeting tomorrow don't miss it be there
yejibros where u at?
yejibros we are unable to fill the void in our hearts for it is the size of lisa's maneater pussy
yejibros we dont like weebshit that is for loser manbabies
yejibros we are big fans of shindol's work
yejibros i didnt appreciate fancams and April
i hate the yejibro that keeps making scenarios and events up. every day he comes up with some new bizarre thing to tell us about that he is doing or planning to do. cmon yejibro channel that creativity into something substantial
yejibros when the lockdown ends we're going to south korea to get our face fixed
don't konw how many yejibros are from silverland
where are my yejibros at
hello yejibros river is playing today brothers
yejibros we are not shy we just hate beanwiga
yejibros about to j off to some gook feet
what is this yejibros we're scared
yejibros we are never mogged
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we're akgaes and gaes
yejibros me oh my oh
shoutouts to my yejibros
yejibros we bought a 1tb nvme ssd
yejibros we could do that
yejibros we stopped eating sugar and we are optimistic for the future
mad and balding yejibro, it's a twitch thing
yejibros what does this mean?
yejibro you can't get a life insurance policy without permission
yejibros this is my new girlfriend
get in here yejibros
yejibros dont give a fuck about blobuggo
yejibros we must chuck josh into a river before he harms nayeon
that isn't a real yejibro
yejibro.jpg
yejibros?
yejibros...
yejibros izone makes me feel dead inside
yejibros we are taking a shit that will need two flushes
yejibros we are eating american bread with swiss cheese
yejibros we are pristin
yejibros why are our nipples hard
was this the first ever yejibro that made all the yejibros sprung out or is that just a normal guy who wrote yejibros without knowing it's a thing here? basically what im saying is is he /ourguy/ or is he just some guy?
yejibros we are everywhere
yejibros we were almost filtered by red birdo in smb2
yejibros.webm
yejibros
yejibros i got 100% schizoid on that personality test
I just imagined the yejibros gathered around in a half circle in a dark room, in silence. and then one of them announces in an ominous voice
yejibros i wish a janny would save us from the current state of our thread
yejibros we understand animals more than we understand our selves
yejibros im gonna do it
hello yejibros good morning
wtf yejibros are based?!?!?
yejibros i love taeyeon
yejibros we love niggers
yejibros why is that guy screaming in our thread
yejibros I say boom boom boom now let me hear you say way ho
yejibros we are obnoxious retards
yejibros what does this mean?
yejibros we are shart supremacists
yejibros we are not white supremacists
yejibros we are here
yejibros this looks painful
yejibros we are growing out our buzzcut for the mullet again
yejibros we love loona for pushing this shit
yejibros we hate loona for pushing this shit
yejibros we're here
yejibros pic related is literally me...
yejibros come here i think you're beautiful
yejibros we're here
yejibros chirp chirp chirp
yejibros the therapist from the sopranos is really hot
yejibros we think game of thrones references are for faggots
yejibros we trust this source and find this information reliable
yejibros we are here
yejibros trannies are just brainwashed idiots and would never have existed in these numbers outside of modern society
yejibros i hope trans people all kill themselves. they're are horrible people who get off on corrupting children and trying to get them to transition while they're too young to know any better
yejibros we firmly believe that the trans community is the epitome of the word brave.
yejibros we're up
yejibros i think the pill just kicked in
yejibros we are moving to chengdu
yejibros we ran out of beers so now we're drinking half fermented homebrew
yejibros we're happy, free, confused and lonely at the same time
yejibros are we pure if we sexually abuse ourselves?
yejibros we are cooming here
yejibros I really want to visit moldova for some reason. is that weird?
yejibros we swallowed cum
yejibros of nazarath
who needs friends when you have yejibros
yejibroos what the fuck is this shit
yejibros our lives are now forfeit
i wonder if those two yejibros ever met
yejibros our grip on reality grows slightly weaker every day
yejibros will $100 buy me a decent vacuum? I have a habit of breaking things.
we yejibros are no longer interested in girls without dicks
yejibros are already insufferable enough
yejibros i think the solution is to stop using the internet
yejibros we are creating a second internet that is lawless
yejibros i want to have totally heterosexual intercourse with daisy taylor
yejibros we are too low IQ to ever feel down. it's impossible for us to ruminate for longer than the 10-15 seconds it takes for us to become distracted
yejibros what the fuck is periscope
yejibros we're becoming more depressed with each day
yejibros we're going to crush 6 beers in an hour, put on 2*jiu/2*yoohyeon fancams spread out over 4 monitors and spend the next 3 hours powerwanking
like you can't search 'yejibros' with the subject 'kpop general' and get all mentions of yejibros in kpg, you can only search 'kpop general' and get all the OP posts with that subject
yejibros the blue doritos is too fucking spicy
yejibros i was able to find the post i was looking for where i was asking for kpg's favorite bsides, i'm happy with myself
yejibros winterwiga is kind of hot
yejibros we are not failsons because our fathers were failures too
yejibros i'm once again asking for your help. a few days ago i made a post about your favourite bsides of the year, i got many responses which i wanted to check out but i lost the goddamn thread. the search options on rebeccablacktech don't fucking work. this one was recent though, i posted it only a couple days ago. i was using the same pic of yeji i'm using for this post. can somebody help me here?
yejibros do we know da wae?
yejibros we're watching rick & morty
tomb of the unknown yejibro
yejibros.....?
yejibros....!
yejibros we are here
yejibros we have Nystagmus and it gets really bad when we study korean
good for you yejibro. this is going to be me in 1 year.
yejibros i want a negra gf as well
yejibros boca is losing
yejibro, you're a neet who's only ever kissed one girl and you live with you're parents
yejibros im still very young and have a job and my own house
yejibros this fella has beta mentality
yejibros you should read michel houellebecq's The Elementary Particles
yejibros today i went to the park and danced in the snow to bladee i am so alone
yejibros, I wasted my youth, I have a completely unfulfilled life, and I feel exhausted all the time
yejibros, we wasted our youth and have a completely unfulfilled life and we feel exhausted all the time
yejibros i am not fapping tonight
yejibros we are waiting for our lives to begin
yejibros why do we always feel exhausted?
yejibros we miss ryujinsissys tight bussy hole
tonight's the night yejibros
yejibros i am listening to that's a no no for the first time right now and live blogging my thoughts
yejibros, we just coomed to iljin
based yejibro
yejibros i might coom to jiheon
yejibros all the pieces of the puzzle are falling into place
yejibros there was a mass shooting at our shopping mall and now we are stuck at home
this is the way of the yejibro.
yejibros we’re starting another nofap starting... now
"let's find a place" yejibros say, "somewhere far away, with no blacks, no jews, and no gays"
yejibros can we really attain happiness simply by having sex
yejibros we prefer homies over hoes
yejibros what do we think of spiders?
yejibros, we desperately want to fuck chuu's face
yejibros we are here
where are the yejibros
the song or the yejibro battalion? i like both
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros why did you do that?
yejibros what happened to the benito thread
yejibros el cuerpo de benito
yejibros jesus is calling out for me.
yejibros how could we lose even our self-respect
yejibros what are we doing?
yejibros we are reflecting on our sad life and it is sad
hello yejibrothers
make it a karina feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros we are ejaculating
where are my yejibros at?
yejibros we had an awful day today and just need some comfy content
yejibros must still be fapping
slugchads and yejibros the newest kpg alliance
yejibros we're blessed with a goddess
any yejibros in
itzy bros and especially yejibros are best friends with slugchads and nakychads
any yejibros in
any yejibros
based yejibros more commonly known as slugchads
yejibros...
slugchads and yejibros the newest kpg alliance
yejibros and slugchads alliance to save kpg
post some yeji for the yejibros
save us yejibros
we are yejibros actually
all yejibros are slugchads and all slugchads are based
BASED slugchad aka yejibros saving the thread once again
we slugchads love the alliance with yejibros and nakybros and arinbros as well
yejibros love slug too
there's a lot of yejibros
yejibros and slugchads alliance will make kpg great again
this is what us yejibros aka slugbros want
which ones yejibros
based fucking yejibros
if yejibros are sharkmen
Based yejibros blessing the thread
thank god yejibros scared slugroastie
She gets btfo by yejibros
Good thread yejibros aka slugbros
any slugmen in aka nakychads aka yejibros aka bunnybros aka yerifriends aka dubros aka yunachads aka binnieboys aka lisalads aka iuguys aka reenychads?
yejibros explain that
make it a seulgi thread for the yejibros
yejibros ww@
oh no no no yejibros we got too cocky
wtf yejibros explain
any yejibros in
any yejibros around? got some delicious yeji feet for you
there's lots of yejibros and in turn that creates lots of yejihaters which is sad really
yejibros.. just log off for now.. :(
there's a lot of yejibros
love my yejibros
BASED slugchads saving the thread also known as yejibros once again
any yejibros in
there's a lot of us and we are called slugchads also known as yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
it hurts yejibros...why cant i get a gf like her
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
based yejibros
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros ww@
Any yejibros in
noo yejibros nooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooo
any yejibros in
nooooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros we got too cocky
and there are a lot of yejibros
based yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooo
BASED slugchads also known as yejibros also known as nakychads also known as oogieboys also known as yukimen saving the thread once again i'm glad we are the most powerful race in the entire world
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
yejibros are the most normal people here
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
nooo yejibros noooooooo
which kpg do yejibros prefer
yejibros aren't desperate enough to post on chen... right?
no yejibros noooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
we are called yejibros and there are many of us
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
no yejibros noooooooo
noo yejibros we got fucked
nooo yejibros nooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros what the fuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
we yejibros love seulgi too
slugchads and yejibros are friends you liar
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
noo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooo
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
no yejibros nooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooo
nooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
no yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
go post your real waifu retard, yejibros like bp
us, true yejibros we like bp
no yejibros noooooooooo
fake yejibros fuck off
no yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuck was that rainbow video? is she pro-faggot?
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
noo yejibros noooooooooooooo
leave yejibros alone
yejibros are all 76%
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooo
noo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post slug and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
nooo yejibros nooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
no yejibros noooooooooo
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post slug and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
yejibros ww@
nooo yejibros noooooooo
based yejibros saving the thread
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post slug and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros are probably the most handsome posters here
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
this tells me everyone but yejibros are cowards
how could you look at how hard yejibros work and call one lazy
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
ok yejibros are based
do yejibros also posts kang seulgi?
this is what happens when yejibros aren't posting
Waiting for legal yuna, then I will leave the yejibros for the newly legal hotness
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
save us yejibros
yejibros rise up
yejibros are the coolest
yejibros where you at?
No yejibros around?
noooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros are actually the most mentally normal if you think about it
wow there's a lot of yejibros right now
yejibros don't have girlfriends we hit it and quit it
and yejibros, no homo
how to be as cool as yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros (also known as oogiechads) please save us
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post slug and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post blackpink and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
we're not mentally ill, yejibros are the most normal people here.
wtf yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
based yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
remember that true yejibros only posts yeji although we are allied with slug bros and oogie ninjas
lots of yejibros up and about today, as always
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
to tell you the truth, nobody gives a fuck what you think. you're nobody, you're trash. you're a pest, to yejibros you're nothing more than an obnoxious flea. i know complaining makes you feel important but sorry, you aren't
so it seems like yejibros are the only normal people here
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros post every member
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros are the smartest people here
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros didn't even do anything
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros please save us
noooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
wow yejibros are based
why are chewyroasties trying to blame yejibros for being anti slug?
yejibros didn't even do anything
what if all the yejibros turned into yezibros
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
true yejibros we respect everyone's waifu
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
he's making fun of yejibros
why is that roastie always harassing yejibros
yejibros are so pure and nice that someone has been trying to falseflag as us for 5 months
stop slandering yejibros
yejibros aren't real posters
why are yejibros fighting each other now?
yejibros are being slandered
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
yejibros didn't even do anything
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
noooooo yejibros how will we ever recover?
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
Noooo yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
there are dozens of us (yejibros)
nooo yejibros noooooooo
and we are called sharkman in yejibros nooo yeji
we yejibros love slug too
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
dont mess with yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nouo yejibros nooooooo
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
noooooooooooo yejibros it's unfair
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
noooooooooooo yejibros it's unfair
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo ;_;
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
there are many of us (yejibros)
there are trillions of yejibros
looks like yejibros are still the most normal people here
there are no yejibros anymore ;_;
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros...
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooo
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
noooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooo
there are many of us and we are called yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
based yejibros saving the thread
yejibros did nothing wrong btw
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
looks like yejibros are still the most normal people here
yejibros are always being attacked Smh
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
im scared yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
nooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
the first nooo yejibros
uhhh... yejibros?
yejibros you fucking faggots
yejibros did nothing wrong
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
based yejibros saving the thread
yejibros are extremely funny
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WJAT THE FICKL NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
uh.... yejibros?
noooo yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros are the most normal people here and we are saving this place
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
based screaming yejibros saving the thread
it's ok, yejibros
no yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
noo yejibros no...
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
y-yejibros....?
yejibros...
oh nononononooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
save us yejibros!!!!!
Just got back from the gym. are the yejibros still screaming?
yejibros...
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo ;_;
where are the screaming yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yeji looks seriously bad outside of photoshoots. her jaw is arin dad tier. yejibros, i promise, a dick would satisfy you far more than getting pegged by a masculine looking woman
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
that guy on the ground is the guy who spams noooo yejibros noooo
yejibros...
noo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
today i prayed for our resident homosexuals-in-denial, otherwise known as yejibros.
noooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
will yejibros ever recover
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
nooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros...
yejibros im not feeling too good right now...
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
...ooooooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooo
Why did this happen yejibros...
y-yejibros... it's over....
yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
it's over yejibros noooooooooo
ok yejibros are based
nooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros....
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooonooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
yejibros
you're spamming yejibros and posting gore
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros... yes
noooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
the fucking yejibros are insulting my waifu again
yes yejibros yesssss
any yejibros in
we got too cocky yejibros nooooooo
Oh no no NOOO yejibros noooooo
yejibros....
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros ww@
yejibros...
looks like yejibros are still the most normal people here
oh noooo yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOO
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros...
yejibros unironically what happened? she was the most popular itzy and now she just got thwarted by yuna and now gets mogged by lia and ryujin
yejibros...
so yeji belongs to sana and nayeon now? nooo yejibros noooooooooo
oh YES yejibros YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
noooooooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros are actually the most mentally normal if you think about it
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
noooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros please forgive me
i'm certain that there aren't more than 3 yejibros. she has a unique look and obviously some weirdos are gonna be drawn to that, but she really isn't pretty at all. i asked a few of my non kpop liking friends and they all agreed with me. i even asked my mom because i thought that perhaps yeji might have a traditional beauty that us zoomers couldn't appreciate.. but no, nothing. she is really ugly and has some incredibly manly features (look at the back of her head). with that being said, i think it's satistically so unlikely that she has about a dozen fans in here like the volume of posts here suggest, and that therefore there is a hell of a lot of samefagging going on.
based yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
real yejibros already know about and embrace her ugliness you arent fooling anyone
oh YES yejibros
filter yeji, yejibros, etc
yejibros what the FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
looks like yejibros are the biggest chads here
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros... we got too cocky...
where are the yejibros
yejibros....
based yejibros
save us yejibros nooooooooooooo
shitting up the kpg with my yejibros
yejibros please save us
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros are the most normal people here it seems like
uuh yejibros..?
yejibros...
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros hijacked my arin FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
we are not niggers and true yejibros hates everyone and everything
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
save us yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
looks like yejibros are still the most normal people here
leave yeji and yejibros alone
any yejibros in
yejibros...
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros...
we yejibros like all the members
calling all yejibros
we (yejibros) wanted a dubu thread
we (true yejibros) wanted a yeji thread
yejibros you fucking faggots
noooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooo /ourgirl/ lost to some nugu
very true where are all the yejibros
how are the yejibros coping?
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuck
Wtf yejibros? She's basically jerking off in public
Noooo yejibros noooo she was caught eyefucking a gaypop
lately it seems like it's yejibros vs the entire world....
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
based slugbros (also known as yejibros) saving the thread
nooooooooooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Oh no no yejibros
any yejibros in
any shartmen in (formerly nakybros, slugbros, arinbros, and yejibros)
so boring in here without normal yejibros who actually like itzy
leave normal yejibros alone, weirdo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
true normal yejibros, take action against the shartard
yejibros get in here
Is this the part where we post "oh no no no yejibros" and pretend she's not a pure, wonderful young lady?
only arinbros are part of the shartliance along with nakybros, slugbros, yejibros, and dububros
any yejibros in
any yejibros
just scream "nooooo yejibros noooooo" at the top of your lungs.
holy fuck yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
noooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros unironically nooooooooo
yejibros are actually the most mentally normal if you think about it
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
noooooooooooooooooo yejibros nooo- wait...
based yejibros saving the thread
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
why would yejibros post there
yejibros you fucking fags
we yejibros are the most powerful race in the entire universe, gifted for combat, excellent swimmers and good people
any yejibros in
yejibros are busy
YES yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuck
us yejibros love chuu now
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros are one the best posters on kpg and the most powerful race in the entire existence
yejibros we won
yejibros put him in his place
so boring in here without yejibros
uhh yejibros how are you gonna defend against this
yejibros are actually the most mentally normal if you think about it
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
is this true yejibros??
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
so retarded in here without yejibros
yejibros.................
yejibros...
yejibros did nothing wrong
any yejibros in
yejibros did nothing wrong
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
so boring in here without yejibros
yejibros have no allies. go back to /trash/
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
so boring in here without yejibros
nooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros what did we do to deserve this?
very cringe here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
so boring in here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
we yejibros are here
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooo
yejibros did nothing wrong
yejibros what did we do to deserve this?
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros are the most normal people here actually
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
why is this trannyposter attacking yejibros
who knew that yejibros were such terrible posters
any normal yejibros in
save us yejibros
where are the yejibros
leave yejibros alone
so boring in here without yejibros
yejibros mount up
yejibros what did we do to deserve this...
this targeted harassment of yejibros has to end
so boring in here without yejibros
so mentally ill in here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
yejibros have been the best posters for the past few hours, what does that tell you about this time slot?
yejibros literally are the best posters right now
great name for the demon yejibros.
I don't know why kpg continues to tolerate these mentally ill schizophrenic erpers that post red velvet and start shit with everyone, yejibros didn't even do anything to deserve the shitflinging.
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
nein yejibros neinnnnnn
so boring in here without yejibros
nooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros are actually the most mentally normal if you think about it
yejibros GIVE IT UP. yejis feet are busted and are nothing worth talking about
so boring in here without yejibros
save us yejibros
noooooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooo
because yejibros are out lifting and partying
so boring in here without yejibros
only shartmen love with sharts, normal yejibros love yeji with heart
All yejibros are shartman
very dead here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
any yejibros?
any yejibros?
so boring in here without yejibros
why are yejibros so mentally ill
looks like yejibros are still the most normal people here
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros are the most normal people here
noo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros and yunabros noooooooooooooo
wish yejibros were mentally stable
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
who are the real scatmen, yejibros or somichads?
yejibros what happened noooooooooo
so gay in here without yejibros
so mentally ill here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros this can't be happening to us noooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
so boring in here without yejibros
seems like yejibros are the most normal people here dbh
leave yejibros alone
yejibros are fine
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
leave yejibros alone
yes friend we (real yejibros) are always here
yejibros clogged my toilet
yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oh noooo not again yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros it's unfair noooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
on no yejibros
Leave my yejibros alone
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros!!!
any yejibros here
so boring in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
so mentally ill in here without yejibros
so boring in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
Any yejibros here
so boring in here without yejibros
yejibros ww@
nooooooooooooooooo yejibros nooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so boring in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so homosexual in here without yejibros
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
so dead in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
so gay in here without yejibros
yejibros nooooooooooo
any shartman in? yejibros need not respond
any yejibros in
just us yejibros
weak false flag roastie, real yejibros hate ugly slug
so gay and mentally ill in here without yejibros
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/nooo%20yejibros/
here without yejibros/
very mentally ill here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/nooo%20yejibros/
here without yejibros/
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
any yejibros in
retard that think there is no alliance between yejibros and slugchads
very gay here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so dead in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
yejibros you faggots
any yejibros in
if yejibros were called shartman and not sharkman then yes I would be the top shartman BUT unfortunately for you there is only one shartman in the world (you)
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros!
very boring here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any normal yejibros in
so boring in here without yejibros
so dead in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
leave yejibros alone
any yejibros in
so boring in here without yejibros
yejibros did nothing wrong
yejibros what the fuck
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
very cool here with yejibros
so mentally ill in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros are always being attacked baka
save us yejibros
why is everyone talking like yejibros now
the world ain't lonely if you're with your yejibros
yejibros don't shartpost
so dead in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
we did it yejibros!
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros
any yejibros in
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/nooo%20yejibros/
here without yejibros/
so boring in here without yejibros
based slugchads also known as yejibros saving the thread
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
all he needs to do is yell "no yejibros noooo" at the end of a music show
Any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
nooooooooooooooo yejibros
very cringe here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so boring in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so boring in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
that's what happens when you run yejibros out of kpg
so mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
so homosexual and mentally in here without yejibros
just us yejibros
any yejibros in
very flopped here without yejibros
based yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
i love yunachads, yejibros, dragonbros and twicebros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
you wish. yejibros are out doing better things on a Saturday night. snorting cocaine and fucking gook bitches
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuck
nooooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
an yejibros in
bro, its not just for me, its for all the yejibros
just us yejibros trying to get yeji lewds from that other yejibro
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
Just us disappointed yejibros....
based yejibros and sanabros
nooo yejibros noooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
it's yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
sharkmen and yejibros are the most normal posters in this general
any yejibros in
yejibros still fap together
sharkmen=yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros are the most mentally ill people here
we (yejibros) only watch boku no pico
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo not again yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
save us yejibros
just us yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we got too cocky
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
"shartman" just hates yeji and yejibros
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
any yejibros in
but eventually yejibros/sharkmen will destroy them
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
shut up yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeees
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
no yejibros nooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my slugbros and yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
why the fuck do you call yejibros out on Hwasa
any yejibros in
yejibros bullied me
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
save us yejibros
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
only us normal yejibros
noo yejibros noooooooooo
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
noooo not again yejibros noooooooooo
any yejibros in
just us yejibros
...yejibros!
yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
yejibros still traumatized after the ryujin feetmog
ok that was funny but we (yejibros) hate you
very mentally ill here without yejibros
sharkchads (aka yejibros) are still the best posters here
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
not again yejibros noooooooooooo
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeees
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
an yejibros in
yejibros have weird taste dbh
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros...
yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
yejibros we got too cocky
any yejibros in
oh nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
remember when we yelled noooooooo yejibros for 300 posts
any yejibros in
yejibros hacked my twitter account
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros... we got too cocky
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros are the biggest faggots here
any yejibros in
how will yejibros and dragonchads ever recover?
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros... we got too cocky...
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeeees
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any normal yejibros in
yejibros... we got too cocky... again...
you are clearly jealous of yeji having better feet than ryujin, yejibros don't even talk about ryujin feet
any yejibros in
just us yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
just us yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
how will yejibros ever recover?
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
we did it yejibros!
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuck
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros not again noooooooooooooo
yejibros... we got too cocky
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeees
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
How can we stop her yejibros?
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
save us yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
any true yejibros in?
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuck
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
just us yejibros
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
hate my yejibros so much
save us yejibros
yejibros are shit
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
any yejibros in
make one saying nooo yejibros noooooooooo
/yejibros/i;boards:mu
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
noooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
sharkmen/yejibros love yeji
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros we got too cocky
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
why are yejibros so jealous of ryujins feet
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeeees
any yejibros in
very homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
so mentally ill here without yejibros (aka shark warriors of the seven hells)
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuck
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
can't believe yejibros are gaypoppers
any yejibros in
so homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros are mentally ill and always in
yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
Where we at yejibros?
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros...
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros we got too cocky
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
do any other slugbros hate how these yejibros somehow appropriate "slugbros" to try and steal our clout and make their own ugly girl look better? like, hun, you're not fooling anyone when you say "any sharkman/slugbros in" - we know you only care about yeji. take your tea elsewhere girlfriend
any yejibros in
Explain yejibros' scat fetish, then
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
merry christmas yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
based yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros...
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros... wow she's beautiful
any yejibros in
yejibros...?
oh nooooooooooooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
oh no yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/nooo%20yejibros/
here without yejibros/
any yejibros in
nooooooooooooo yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros
thinking about my yejibros, squidkids, and dragonchads
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
miss my yejibros...
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
based yejibros
and yejibros
damn yejibros really run this shit
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
noooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/nooo%20yejibros/
here without yejibros/
miss my yejibros
about to go to bed, night yejibros.
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
now that you mention it... oh nooo... yejibros...
any yejibros in
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros nnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oh nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
oh nooo yejibros
yejibros are the most mentally ill
based screaming yejibros saving the thread
save us yejibros nooooooooooooo she's beautiful wow my mouth very true first for i love her so much with all of my yejifriends
reply to this post - yejibros
yejibros are the dumbest faggots i've ever seen on kpg and i mean ever
yejibros for sure
yejibros are the coolest
noooooooooooooo yejibros
yejibros!!!
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
noooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros
save us yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuck
which of you yejibros got so cocky and made this happen?
us yunachads were shitposting way before yejibros know your kpg lore you fuckin idiot
nooooooooooooooo yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
yejibros............................ this can't be happening..............................
fuck the screaming yejibros
screaming yejibros are based
yejibros stay losing these days...NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros... what the FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros.......................... what the fuck.........................
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
based screaming yejibros saving the thread
yejibros... it's over....
stop trying to sabotage true yejibros are nice persons
Seems pretty comfy to me. I'd rather yejibros than people who call every girl that isn't their waifu ugly
wow fuck the jannies. its not yejibros faults they are very mentally ill
moment of silence for all the banned yejibros
yejibros...
any yejibros in
very mentally sound in here without yejibros
save us screaming yejibros
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
yejibros can't even save themselves
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
yejibros hwaiting!
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros...
Any yejibros in
save us yejibros
yejibros save us
any yejibros in
we yejibros are here
save us yejibros
we yejibros are posting slug right now
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
yeeeeeeeeeeeeees yejibros yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
yejibros officially speaking in tongues
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
noooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oh no yejibros
any yejibros in
wish the yejibros were around to post some yeji
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
noooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOÔOOOOOOOO
any yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
Nooooo yejibros noooooooo etc etc.
any yejibros in
make a screaming yejibros thread
oh no no no no no yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
i'm sorry, but yejibros hate coprophiles (aka miracles and twiceshitters)
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
save us yejibros
yejibros are footlickers
yejibros are cancer
any yejibros in
fake yejibros infuriate me
yejibros like daph for monolids
yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
yejibros what the fuck
this is a falseflag to make yejibros look bad btw
the proper taxonomy would be yejibros sharkmanicus and yejibros shartmanis
wtf bros why is there a yejibros civil war happening right now
Treason... this is unacceptable... yejibros, dragonbros and squidchads were supposed to be united fighting against yunabrats and liugoshitters... TRAITOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
save us screaming yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
oh no... yejibros... this isnt good...
yejibros...
any yejibros in
very dead in here without yejibros
not yejibros that's for sure
yejibros are fucking faggots
any yejibros in
reminder NEVER to reply to yejibros
any yejibros in
save us yejibros
Pretty slow in here without yejibros...
any yejibros in
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros here
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros please don't use improper vocabulary
nooooo yejibros nooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
i wish that we don't lewd squid just like yejibros but i understand that she has an amazing body
save us yejibros
bye yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
miss my yejibros. is it yeji hours yet?
but in the eyes of yeji aren't we all bros? we should we united as yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
sorry yejibros, i've been too sore the last few days from excessive working out and exercise.
oh nooooooooooo average fit handsome yejibros ;_;
Any yejibros in
oh no yejibros we got too cocky...
o nooooooo yejibros
save us yejibros
i know brother but god gave her another opportunity to patch her parents sins that were surely the cause of his illnesses, i pray for her and my yejibros everyday when i wake up and thank god for giving me another day of life to enjoy
god gave her another opportunity to patch her parents sins that were surely the cause of his illnesses, i pray for her and my yejibros everyday when i wake up and thank god for giving me another day of life to enjoy
just us yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros aren't degenerate coomers
save us yejibros
yejibros?
se lo merecen por no ser yejibros
very homosexual and mentally ill in here without yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros...
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
guys be nice to the yejibros we are in fucking shambles right now
yejibros are dying tonight
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
Ooh, yejibros trying to damage control saying that squid is the ugliest to avert atention... That makes sense
yejibros.... it's over....
they have no honor, i thought yejibros were better than that
i'm glad that someone posted yeji without makeup, that way the real yejibros are revealed and the fake ones btfo
yejibros nooo etc etc.
tfw you realize 'nooooo yejibros nooooo' foretold this day...
the other yejibros are fucking faggots, they don't deserve her
true yejibros are invincible, the most powerful race on the entire multiverse
nooo yejibros nooooo
yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros......how could we let this happen...........
leave yejibros alone
yejibros win again
but yejibros got way too cocky
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
just remember yejibros
save us yejibros
will yejibros ever live it down
any yejibros in
yeeessssss yejibros yeeessssss
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
I knew yejibros was being too cocky but i didn't think yeji would fall this hard.
this, good thing yejibros are all pure
yejibros why did this have to happen to us...
looks aren't important to yejibros
n-no y-yejibros noo
yejibros.. no...
yejibros are CANCELLED
not a good week for yejibros...
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
you're the biggest loser on this board, yejibros are watching the sb with friends and you're shartposting
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
hope yejibros had a good time at their parties and hid their power levels
miss my yejibros...
yejibros...
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros...
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
the state of yejibros
yejibros you fucking fsggots
miss my yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros mentioned
yejibros are the only normal people here
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
save us yejibros
yejibros this can't be happening to us oh noooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros....
for yejibros
no yejibros in
more importantly where are the yejibros
yejibros stay winning
without yejibros
miss my yejibros... we were legions, and now we're just ashes
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck ;__;
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros we just keep losing.... ;_;
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooo
nooooooo yejibros
save us yejibros
yejibros we're here
any yejibros in
we were actually here yejibros
yejibros we're here
yejibros are so cultured
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
miss my yejibros
why are yejibros so mentally ill?
any yejibros in
yejibros we're here
yejibros love our yeji with all of our hearts...
which ones are yejibros
yejibros we're here
any yejibros in
yejibros?... are we alive?
we are also known as yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros...
yejibros... why the FUCK DOES YEJI STILL HAS A PONYTAIL MOTHERFUCKER STYLISTS WHY DON'T THEY LET HER JUST USE LONG STRAIGHT HAIR
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
oh nooo yejibros noooooooooo
what the heck brother true yejibros are christians
Us yejibros believe in yeji above all else, which is clearly satanist.
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
save us yejibros
noooooo yejibros noooooooooo
yejibros get on NOW
sorry but the yejibros disbanded after THAT pic got posted
thread fucking saved, based yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros... we got too cocky...
yejibros do not samefag
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros are better than this
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
nooooo yejibros nooooooo
any yejibros in
noooooooooooooo yejibros not justice fruit pies!
yejibros.......
yejibros.............................
yejibros....
yejibros....
very boring in here without yejibros
yejibros never recovered after yejigate
yejibros........
just let's be united as yejibros :)
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuck
yejibros what the FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
save us yejibros
THAT pic completely destroyed all yejibros
nooo yejibros noooooooo
yejibros...... it's me, your little shart
oh nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
True yejibros are alpha males, you really try to ruin yeji but i will NEVER stop posting and loving her.
wow, lots of yejibros tonight
very true my brother, just og yejibros should be allowed to post yeji
goodnight og yejibros, we're the best of the best
ARRRRGHGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
nooo yejibros noooooooooooo
any yejibros in
yejibros you fucking faggots
Real yejibros prefer sand fox . Sharkbros suck
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros how could this happen to us....
any yejibros in
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
What the fuck is wrong with yejibros holy shit
any yejibros in
yejibros only like junji
yejibros...... no....
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros
yejibro.png
sorry yejibros
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros.... why does the misfortune chase us everywhere? what did we do to deserve this
these fags are not real yejibros
actually yejibros all have giant monster dicks
yejibros...how can this happen to us
any yejibros in
true yejibros are nice posters
yejibros is this true
any yejibros in
ummmm yejibros......
yejibros are so based
sharkman=yejibros
yejibros get in here
any yejibros in
yejibros...
yejibros get the fuck in here
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuck
Oh no yejibros
thanks brother, unlike most of the people here. yejibros have knowledge in music, functional ears and great taste
yejibros.........................
any yejibros in
nooooooooo yejibros noooooooo ;-;
save us yejibros nooooooooooooo
i still post yeji sometimes, thing is there doesn't seem to be any yejibros
yejibros haven't gone anywhere stop buying into that bait
no yejibros, no! we got too cocky!
what the fuuuuuuuuuuck yejibros
any yejibros in :)
wtf... yejibros..
add yejibros
any yejibros in
noooo yejibros we were so close
just use yejibros
yejibros what the f*ck ;_;
any yejibros in
yejibros...
save us yejibros
yejibros....
oh nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
I’ve accidentally said “NOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros” out loud
nooo yejibros nooooooo
without yejibros
leave yejibros alone
where are my yejibros at
miss my yejibros
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
for yejibros
yejibros ww@
yejibros what the f*ck ;___;
yejibros... we got too cocky...
why are the yejibros back
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i didn't mean to scare the yejibros off
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
nooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooo
nooo yejibros :(
any yejibros
yejibros are based
yejibros are fine
yejibros are real
yejibros what the fuck?
yejibros...
yejibros...
any yejibros
where are the screaming yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuck
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
very boring in here without yejibros
save us yejibros
yejibros we are the strongest race in the entire multiverse
yejibros what the f*ck ;___;
yejibros ??
yejibros ???
miss my yejibros
Any yejibros in
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros...........
feliz jueves yejibros
there are many class of yejibros
Why are you yejibros being so rude to our girls today? We love them all you know.
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros did nothing wrong
Fuck you idiot we are yejibros and there are like 7 of us
yejibros are kinda scary...
gotta love the yejibros
any yejibros in
just copy lovelyz, dc, gidle, wjsn, and itzy posters (except for the yejibros)
wtf yejibros ;__;
The anon who said no yejibros no after he dropped a cupcake at work.
i miss the screaming yejibros so much bros...
No only pure hearted yejibros
yejibros?
hate my yejibros so much
are all yejibros BR?
i think most yejibros are just mexicans
this thread is always so chill when its just yejibros
yejibros...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
leave flower yejibros alone
i'm trult happy these threads are blessed with the prescence of my lovely yejibros, they're one of a kind and so special to me
help, the yejibros are breaking character
i love my yejibros but i must confess i'm in love with just one or maybe two of them
I'm picture one yejibro doing this for another yejibro and that's why i love yejibros
yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros...
yejibros...
we got way too cocky yejibros...
that one guy almost feels bad for the yejibros
enough with the yejibros nooo shit
yes yejibros yeeeeeeeeeees
yejibros are a protected species
demontards aren't yejibros
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
yejibros... do we find jihyo attractive or what...
haha very funny posts yejibros
how many yejibros does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Two. One to get too cocky and one to scream nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo,
all yejibros are shartman, but not all sharman are yejibros.
white coat posters are the true yejibros
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros nooooooooooo xD
just yejibros
shut the fuck up retard yejibros dont fight with anyone
yejibros...
yejibros: YEJIBROS...............
yes yejibros yes
maybe yejibros maybe
yejibros how did it come to this...
yejibros... we got too cocky
yejibros...
yejibros and duan xiaowei bros are the only normal people here
shut your mouth you pathetic loser son of a disabled bitch, og yejibros hate chinks, niggers and the devil
yejibros.... i cant take it..... YEJIBROS PLEASE....
honestly what did yejibros do to deserve this?
/yejibros/i
stop insulting other yejibros you weirdo
yejibros....its getting dark....nooooo.....
are yejibros still losing from last night, 12 hours later?
you are not a yejibro and stop linking yeji with that stinky chink
yejibros
yejibros... I DON'T WANT TO BE A FAG
yejibros? noooooooooo yejibros....
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
nooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooo we got too cocky
one of the russian yejibros, probably drunk
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
yejibros.......
yejibros are just oogiebros in disguise
yejibros...
any yejibros in
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
kpop was so mentally ill without yejibros
so boring listening to the twicestream without my yejibros but i will persevere for my nayeonbros
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
so boring in here without clcbros and yejibros
and yejibros are always here
yejibros?
yejibros i could really use some holding... cuddles tonight k
yejibros....
yejibros i cant take it...
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros...
yejibros.................
yejibros...
yejibros...
any alphas in here besides yejibros and jisunbros
yejibros keep winning
y-yejibros...
any yejibros in
yejibros are asleep you're triggering no one
yejibros...
yejibros we're here
yejibros...
don't ruin the dxw and yejibros alliance
where are the yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros thoughts on this?
yejibros...
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it except for maybe those two but the rest of us are very healthy mentally and physically
yejibros win again
leave yejibros alone
yejibros i actually just sharted
yejibros...
yejibros are the best posters
yejibros...
is this true? no IT CANT BE TRUE I WON'T LET IT BE TRUE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
my yejibros are bullying me again
i can't believe yejibros are doing something right for once
yejibros aren't real
yejibros......?
yejibros what the fuuuuck
yejibros are the best with very nice taste in music
us yejibros have much realer mental illnesses like dementia. why else do you think we post the same picture every 3 minutes?
noooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros this cant be true noooooooooooooo
yejibros win again
yejibros win again
we yejibros are always here
yejibros...
y-yejibros... i dont feel so good...
yejibros
no but yejibros are welcome here
any normal yejibros in?
yejibros win again
no offense to yejibros but i personally think it's self explanatory
yejibros win again
yejibros win again
yejibros i'm scared
what happened with tbe yejibros? the last thing i remember is them reflecting about u"what they've become"
without yejibros
thinking about using idol connections to get a mold of yeji's feet to auction off to yejibros
yejibros win again
based not yejibros
yejibros win again
i want my yejibros back... and we mean it!
yejibros aren't real
yejibros have been sacrificed
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros... what the fuck ;__;
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
uh...yejibros?
yejibros...
gonna see my yejibros at the nut house
yejibros are cool
yejibros we got too cocky
wtf yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros what anime are you currently watching? :D
yejibros what did we think of better call saul s05
yejibros you fucking faggots
can't believe yejibros listen to 100 gecs
yejibros win again
i had a dream Yeji went demon mode and sexually assaulted me... i'm so cold, yejibros...
im gonna pronounce it this way from now on yejibros
yeejaipill me yejibros
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
save us mirror realm yejibros
and you call yejibros mentally ill
why are you guys so mentally ill why can't you be normal like yejibros
yejibros...sometimes...I type "Yuqi" in google and just blast the night away...this is ok, right?
I can't believe yejibros listen to stray kids
us yejibros only listen to OnlyOneOf
yejibros are the most mentally ill here tho
yejibros are the only normal people here
yejibros are not racist you piece of shit
you are the only one motherfucker piece of shit who keeps forcing that chink tranny to be related with yejibros, burn in hell impious son of a bitch
feeling cold without my yejibros, i could use some comfy cuddles today
yejibros nooooooooooooooo
I'm feeling powerful, yejibros...
yejibros win again
yejibros bullied me
i can't tell who has the biggest shitposters between yejibros and googiefags
yejibros are also very humble
what about yejibros
any yejibros in
dxw posters are yejibros
i like yejibros
yejibros bullied me for posting ryujin the other day
any yejibros in
yejibros win again
yejibros should i watch neon genesis evangelion?
yejibros are very cultured people with a lot of kownlodge in almost everything
there are quadrillions of yejibros and ryujinbros don't even exist lmao
yejibros post your specs
your pc specs yejibros wtf
yejibros are evil
why must yejibros and ryujinchads fight when we all agree squid is the ugliest shit and should be removed from itzy
yejibros she's so talented...
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros, we are nice persons
first for yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros win again
yejibros this sekiro game is hard as fuck
not yejibros, you suppose to parry not dodge. if you having hard time massing parry works play it long enough you can master parry. sekiro is all about parry. some boss and mini boss can be cheese with prostetic tools and learn mikiri counter first
rip yejibros
yejibros win again
yejibros i've finally learned how to deflect
hate my yejibros
nooo yejibros i accidentally deleted all my saves...
yejibros this sekiro game is so fucking hard
we are called mikiri yejibros now.
yejibros are the most casual gamers i’ve ever met in my life
yejibros... we are mentally ill...
why not brother? true yejibros enjoy videogames like super mario bros and plants vs zombies
yejibros are stallinists
Why cant us yejibros and dragonbros get along
we yejibros hate squid dragon and bean
yejibros we're here
yejibros i'm hearing voices
yejibros are the most normal people here if you think about it
yejibros are yejibros most yejibros here if you yejibro about yejibros
good morning i hate yejibros
for my yejibros
yejibros are so talented
yejibros have pretty hands
word but not yejibros
yejibros place the first
yejibros...
uhh yejibros...
except yejibros, they are very epic and cool
gonna beat the shit out of my yejibros
gonna beat my shit out for the yejibros
just wanna curbstomp my yejibros
turning my yejibros heads into a bloody red pile of mush
yejibros are the most mentally ill people here
yejibros win again
congratulations. yejibros keep winning
another triumph for the yejibros
yejibros i feel sick
yejibros got shooters
yejibros win again
yejibros are busy hardworking people and dont have time for that
I hate yeji threads because all the fake yejibros come out
bashing my yejibros heads in
casual gamer yejibro
mikiri yejibros
yejibros are very cool i agree
all the true yejibros love duan xiaowei
yejibros i need to sleep
yejibros all over the board. you'll be one of them... sooner or later...
everybody a hot nigga til yejibros pull up, get cold feet
where are the funny mentally ill yejibros
yejibros are very cool
yejibros are many
yejibros motherfuckers
yejibros...
i hate yejibros so f*cking much
yejibros are bald
yejibros are very cool
miss my yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros never lose
save us yejibros
yejibros what's your favorite anime opening?
yejibros we took another L, with this yejidiot
yejibros we are many
yejibros disavow yejidiots
where are my yejibros
yejibros never lose
yejibros............??
yejibros i don't feel so good...
yejibros...
Remember when yejibros stopped posting her for weeks after her bareface pic. Cowards.
y-yejibros... i dont feel so good.....
gonna beat the shit out of my yejibros
yejibros for sure
any yejibros in
yejibros are not mexican
where are the yejibros
us yejibros are taking a break after that yejidiot caused us to take a massive L....
if cub club associates with mentally ill yejibros then i'm leaving
i think yejibros are very cool
I do not like the new yejibros
of course not, yejibros aren't mentally ill and that one other guy agrees
anyone remember normal yejibros
yejibros all look like jungkook
new yejibros killed yejiposting
new yejibros you motherfuckers
what's your problem with "new yejibros"?
miss my old school yejibros
where are the yejibros
we yejibros are many
where are the yejibros
where are the TRUE yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros will never perish
i blame fake yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are
very handsome yejibros are
what do yejibros look like
turn and face the strange yejibros...
where are the yejibros
the yejibros where are
yejibros we like autumn
yejibros get back in your cage
yejibros are very nice persons, humble and cool
enough with yejibros just kill them already
looks like yejibros win again
where the yejibros are
yejibros where am I
yejibros.....
well well well how the turntables yejibros
yejibros
yejibros where art thou
yejibros are fucking retarded
wow yejibros are very famous
yejibros win again
where the yejibros are
yejibros my pc is lagging
why are yejibros gay
yejibros need to leave
make a thread for the yejibros we deserve it
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros what is the mentally ill level right now?
i think yejibros are very cool and very normal
leave yejibros alone
this one's for the yejibros
where are the yejibros
we hate china and fake yejibros
uhhhhhhhh yejibros.....................
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros i'm hearing voices again
where are the yejibros
miss my yejibros
this one's for the yejibros
for my yejibros
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros nOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
the yejibros are here
where are the yejibros
any yejibros in
boring in here without yejibros
uhhhhhhhhh yejibros....
where are the yejibros
why are yejibros so strong
yejibros i've finally unlocked the mikiri skill
where are the yejibros
yeji needs to squirt on me so bad yejibros
yejibros are very based if you think about it
yejibros absolutely brapping on lisaposters as of late
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where aren't the yejibros
we yejibros are undeniably mentally ill
new yejibros you motherfuckers ruined yejiposting
i think yejibros are very cool
yejibros what are we watching today
where are the yejibros
this one's for the yejibros
this one's for the yejibros
yejibros you fucking faggots
for the yejibros
im glad we all agree new yejibros should go back to /trash/
based fuck new yejibros
based new yejibros
fuck old yejibros
gay new yejibro
yejibros have disappointed me today
any yejibros in
yejibros are very talented
yejibros win again
yejibros
what about yejibros
uhh yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros....
where are the yejibros
yejibros we're here
the yejibros
save us yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the funny yejibros
very untrue yejibros we are very handsome and mentally sane i agree
yejibros are a dying breed
is it okay to blast to her if yejibros made me a sinophobe?
where are the yejibros
just us mentally ill yejibros
yejibros are posting squid right now
yejibros are the best posters here
yejibros we are very normal and cool
guys why are yejibros being weird uddenly
what about yejibros
cant wait to shit on more and more with my yejibros
yejibros why is life like this
yejibros why
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
every single day the yejibros get beat the fuck up with facts and educated opinions
yejibros all got 100% on the iq test
new yejibros are fucking retarded
well it looks like yejibros have once again come out on top
casual gamer yejibro
mikiri yejibros
you're more mentally ill than yejibros
yejibros are the only normal people here
why are yejibros so mentally ill?
yejibros are not racist we love lisa and we do not speak dumb languages
yejibros seem to be dabbing all over lisabronies itt
yejibros are very strong like goku and ichigo
feliz jueves yejibros
yejibros are fucking retarded
yejibros ran that lisabrony out of town
yejibros it hurts (to win so much)
yejibros I fell down the stairs again
no yejibros nooooooooooooo
save us yejibros
bunch of yejibros waiting outside my house... they’re gonna try to kiss me again, bunch of gays
the yejibros are strong
yejibros what is this garbage
for my yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros where are we
all the yejibros committed suicide
yejibros are too strong
w- where are the ye- yejibros...?
yejibros we are here
yejibros are the cancer killing /kpg/
good morning yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros are going to brap on this twice comeback full force
where are the yejibros
yejibros cookmog gordon ramsay
yejibros can't even make a sandwich without looking up a recipe
many are the yejibros
yejibros post what you're listening to right now!
yejibros are very based indeed
yejibros do we like pink floyd?
where are the yejibros
save us yejibros or yunadaddies
yejibros...we agreed to calm down for now because of what happened.......
yejibros win again
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
oh no yejibros...
where are the yejibros
cant you see me yejibros
where are the yejibros
thank you for demonstrating the normalness and mental stability of yejibros everywhere
the turbochads on /a/ would make fun of our taste in anime yejibros..................
yejibros dont watch tv we watch itzy, listen to dalla dalla, and post yeji
yejibros are very based
fuck new yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros this song makes very sad
any yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros are we very mentally sane i agree indeed
i think its hilarious u kids talking shit about yejibros. u wouldnt say this shit to us at kcon, we're jacked. not only that but we wear the freshest clothes, eat at the chillest restaurants and hang out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol
very based yejibros approve
oh no curry yejibros......
good morning yejibros
seems like theres a moral dilema between yejibros, unless someone speaks up for whatever troubles them they're just as ethically wrong
we're here yejibros
some yejibros are just ethnically wrong
every day the yejibros put on a blindfold and throw a dart at the kpg wall to pick their target
where are the yejibros
yejibros where did it land today?
yejibros...
yejibros
any yejibros in
where are the yejibros
yejibros comeback when
yejibros we are not manlets
yejibros are very retarded
where are our yejibros
yejibros we are NOT manlets
yejibros really do have a far higher iq than any other posters in kpg
yejibros are waiting in the next thread
we want yejibros dead
see you yejibros soon, I have to go work in the rice fields for 2 weeks so I can afford a new pair of flip flops
yejibros RISE UP
yejibros...
somebody clue me in on what the fuck happened to yeji. i leave for a week and every other post is "yejibros its over"
yej-.......yeji-.........yejibros............we cant keep going............all is lost............
yejibros what the fuck
where are the yejibros
everyone please takr a turn to share a few words about the yejibros' passing, it's tough but we have to be strong for us all
very mentally ill in here without my yejibros
Wtf yejibros
member the og yejibros? certainly the end of the joke
yejibros are very strong psychically and mentally
yejibros drink toilet water for fun because our village only has one outhouse
yejibros SHUT UP i am trying to listen to what we need to do next
yejibros are renowned for their luxurious mullets
yejibros voices in my head tell me they're going away and the pain is such, so long retard lol
ketchys are falseflagging as yejibros again
why are you guys still forcing this yejibros shit
yejibros....is it really over?
mentally ill unfunny motherfucker stop trying to make yejibros look bad you piece of shit
yejibros... why did this happen to us... what did we do...
thread theme for the yejibros
yejibros i am crying
why are we like this yejibros
yejibros are the most oppressed group on kpg
yejibros can all dance like taemin
where are the yejibros
yejibros i need a hug
i don't read the kpg gazette, did yejibros get btfo?
yejibros against the world
yejibros just can't stop losing
where are the yejibros
yejibros are very
why is life like this yejibros
may all your wishes be fulfilled soon, yejibros will be praying for you
yejibros what are you listening to right now?
where are the yejibros
we are not mentally yejibros are very sane i agree
leave yejibros alone
is it ryujinbros vs yunabros vs yejibros now?
sometimes i feel like there arent any yejibros left in kpg......
yejibros have won again I cannot wait to tell mu of this victory
yejibros you fucking fags
Wtf yejibros
no yejibros......
yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros are obsolete
yejibros we're here
yejibros we don't have autism
yejibros...
we cant keep taking all these Ls yejibros...
yejibros... its over...
no yejibros...
yejibros... we lost again
can someone fill me in on the yeji drama??? why are yejibros on suicide watch?
yejibros dont see color
what happened with yejibros?
yejibros keep losing
we are all yejibros in here
how did ludaposters trigger yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros... lay low please.. we can't go on like this..
yejibros i dont feel so good....
yejibros.jpg
yejibros we still winning?
yejibros.... no...
any bluecoat yejibros in
man wtf just happened with yejibros??
what actually happened with yejibros ive been gone for a week
yejibros... how...
yejibros we must repent...
yejibros...
yejibros...please wipe my tears and comfort my soul
yejibros
yejibros what game should i play?
yejibros i hate yauso so fucking much
busy falseflagging as yejibros
yejibros are pretty fucking retarded if you think about it
we're busy falseflagging as yunabros falseflagging as yejibros
the yejibros
yejibros ruined my life
yeji because we need to lay low forever... yejibros...
if yeji knew about yejibros she would be greatly saddened
yejibros really are special
based og yejibros
yejibros i think i have corona
yejibros my new haircut looks amazing
ngl yejibros are pretty cool
yejibros are posting yeji irl now what are you losers doing
we yejibros are learning mandarin
yejibros...
inviting my yejibros over for coffee and dessert so they can comfortably tell me all about these past few days' events
yejibros my throat hurts
yejibros my ass burns
where are the yejibros
I thought it was a joke but it's really OVER for yejibros.
yejibros I fell down the stairs again
yejibros... there's someone trying to enter my house...
y-yejibros.. .
want to kiss yejibros all over
yejibros.......
yejibros
yejibros need to step it up
yejibros.jpg
yejibros ladies and gentlemen
yejibros...
yejibros we cant afford to take another L today
yejibros finally take a W
yejibros...
good morning yejibros what are we watching today
where are the yejibros
yejibros taking major Ls is an everyday event?
yejibros?? whats happening?
yejibros aren't brown they're black like death itself
so close to drop yeji for yuna, yejibros have been acting so weird lately
Is it true yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros... its over...
yejibros.......no
can’t believe all the yejibros migrated to ytmnd
half of the yejibros are too young to even know what that is
where are the yejibros
why are the yejibros laying low?
yejibros
the yejibros...
yejibros, we didn’t even get her a birthday gift...
yejibros are very cool
where did it all go so wrong with the yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we keep taking L's......
yejibros son putos maricones
todo lo que sé es que esos yejibros anónimos se pueden ir bien a la mierda
where are the yejibros
yejibros mal paridos, son todos unos bastardos
why are yejibros such colossal failures
yejibros lost hard today
glad we all hate yejibros here
don't know why but i just imagined all yejibros have clammy hands
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
uhhhhhh yejibros what the fuck happened?
where are the yejibros? yejibros...? oh no, oh my god no... nooooo! it really is over my fucking god noooooooooo!
yejibros, we cant stop taking Ls...
wow yejibros she's beautiful
i desire to meet with the ones called 'yejibros'
where are the yejibros? as in physically where in the house
yejibros, did we take yet another loss today?
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros... how do we stop ryujin? we can't keep letting our shark fall to her at every turn...
uhh yejibros tell me this is just a prank, tell me it's not actually happening cause i NEED to know
you know i just don't get it, the expectations were high for yeji's birthday yet yejibros totally dropped the ball, what the hell happened?
word we are only outnumbered by the yejibros
yejibros are getting the septs
yejibros got a rare W in the last thread
us yejibros always get Ws. We count Ls as Ws. Simple as
the yejibros are powering up for something big soon...
what's going on with the yejibros
yejibros
let me guess, this was another loss for the yejibros right
where are the yejibros
today is Jeyi-day, it's our shark's BIRTHDAY yejibros...
yejibros can we post again?
the yejibros....
real yejibros only post white coat yeji
real yejibros defend yeji's feet to the death
that was a close one yejibros....
any normal yejibros in
midzy what the fuck why are yejibros like this
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are the number one
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros what the fuck
she got mogged....yejibros we keep taking Ls.....
us junjibros and yejibros wanted a junji thread
yejibros vs. ___
yejibros
leave yejibros alone
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros run kpg
impregnating your yejibrowife with dozens of baby yejibros
yejibros ignore that guy he's just jealous
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
we're not your yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros are very menially ill I agree
imagine if yejibros didn't talk about her feet 24/7 for months before even seeing them. they wouldn't be in this mess
mods confirmed yejibros
the feet that every yejibros is born out of
Another W thread for the yejibros
where are the yejibros
fuck yejibros
people wouldn't mind yejibros so much if they didn't post like homos and try to kiss various anons on the mouth unexpectedly
yejibros...
the yejibros
calamaribros hate yejibros
liachads hate yejibros
dragonmen hate yejibros
yunadaddies are indifferent to yejibros (for now)
another w for yejibros
yejibros is it safe now
yejibros only love these two chinks
I no longer associate with yejibros
yejibros...
very boring in here with fake yejibros
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
I am boycotting yejibros until I find out what tina is
us yejibros cant handle another L
googiepals taking more Ls than yejibros
what do you mean brother yejibros are very nice people
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
LA yejibros be careful yejibros
yejibros have very good taste in feet and I agree
why do yejibros always scream
why yejibros fighting...
ew fake yejibros
wtf yejibros are mentally ill now
You are just one guy who posts about tina, ludwiga, dino, and sharts, always making up retarded names and embarrassing yejibros constantly, we all hate you.
stop fighting yejibros
very true i agree we agree where are the yejibros where am yejibros are you here where are you yejibros bro bro yejibros bro bor bro bro bro
i disavow new yejibros for faking their mental illness
they're not even yejibros they are shartposting antis, they just like to shitpost with yeji they don't like her
i havent seen any yejibros today
where are the yejibros
yejibros... what the fuck was this
yejibros are so fucking funny
I can't believe yejibros....
yejibros... es jueves
where are the yejibros
us yejibros try to kill ourselves every day but we just keep re-appearing the next time the sun rises
where are the yejibros
any yejibros in
remove new yejibros
very true we true yejibros agree
yejibros are mentally ill and that's it
yejibros keep copying me
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
cya later yejibros
I am here to inform that we yejibros also like hitomi now
any yejibros here rn
we yejibros like this song very much
want to join us yejibros
yejibros..... tell me the truth
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
fuck you yejibros
yejibros....
any yejibros in here
yejibros, it's over....
this is the end yejibros...
where are the yejibros
just me and the other quadrillion yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros agree
does the yejibros have an official spokesperson?
where are the yejibros
the yejibros... are gone..
yejibros this is it.....
yejibros have been warring against yejiantis for millions of years
the yejibros...
first the yejibros leave and now the ondabros too, where are my people :'(
yejibros lost
four quadrillion yejibros looting targets together
yejibros post feet
hello yejibros
we can't keep taking Ls yejibros....
yejibros...
yejibros seem like the ff@8 type no offense
yejibros dont take Ls, brother
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros............................................................................
yejibros we can't keep taking Ls like this I'm telling you
true yejibros....
we need a documentary about the yejibros phenomenon
yejibros...it wasn't meant to be like this
luyejibros
casual gamer yejibro
mikiri yejibros
fuck you yejibros
fuck you yejibros
fuck you yejibros
goodnite yejibros
yejibros......................
miss my yejibros
i trust new eeb posters even less than new yejibros
/yejibros/i
yejibros...
where are the yejibros its so boring rn :(
yejibros.............
yejibros what the fuck
/yejibros/i
yejibros...............
good morning yejibros
yejibros migrated to
yejibros.........
yejibros have been oppressed for too long, i'm gonna start rioting
yejibros... i have lag....
my yejibros...
is the shartman a falseflagger, yejibros?
yejibros...
save us yejibros
yejibros.... my internet fucking sucks...
/yejibros/i
yejibros...
never seen someone take as much Ls as yejibros
good news yejibros
yejibros...........
socially distancing from my yejibros
leave yejibros alone
yejibros......
any yejibros here
nice try shartman, but everyone knows yejibros switched to goddess ryujin
/yejibros/i
the yejibros.....
yejibros... this madara guy is quite strong..
coloring games are very cool yejibros
where are the yejibros
and you thought yejibros were mentally ill
hello yejibros
nooooooooooooo yejibros
cant believe all the yejibros got banned for speaking out against blacklivesmatter
yejibros where are you.......
Our wrath shall be swift, yejibros
yejibros are over
yejibros where are you.........
where are all the yejibros who dropped her for ryujin...
yejibros?
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros where are you......
For me it's the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros are unironically over.............
yejibros where are you.........
seriously.... where are the yejibros....
where are the yejibros
despite Lisa being scammed $800k, yejibros took another L
yejibros era is over
yejibros...
did the yejibros started roleplaying as lisa and jennie posters? is that what's going on? kek
yejibros officially have the highest Ls-per-thread ratio of any fandom
yejibros took another L
yejibros.......
the yejibros....
where are the yejibros
yejibros......
any yejibros here
where are the yejibros
yejibros... we cant win vs twicechads...
yejibros are finito
we're out yejibros
I heard yejibros were all arrested
What happened with yejibros? She used to be the most posted Itzy and now it seems like Yuna is the most posted itzy.
make a thread for the normal yejibros
where are the yejibros?
but yejibros are gone.....
it was traumatic but luckily yejibros respawn quickly so we can continue to post
the yejibros...............................................
yejibros are gone
Farewell my yejibros... thank you all for the good moments you've given me.
why is everyone here obsessed with us yejibros
yejibros
why are yejibros posting heej
yejibros keep copying me...
yejibros keep kissing me...
i didn’t think it was possible to take more Ls than yejibros, but oncels took me by surprise
shartman wars have destroyed yejibros
yejibros unite
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
the yejibros...
yejibros took a major W
yejibros. . .
very boring in here without mentally ill yejibros
yejibros what is the mental illness level right now?
have yejibros lost?
yejibros arent capable of losing..
yejibros finally back from their 3 day ban?
yejibros are just one guy
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
yejibros.....
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros only post at night
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
why are people posting about yejibros did something happen? did they get banned?
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros.... theyre gone.....
where are the yejibros
leave yejibros alone they're harmless
where are the yejibros
nooo yejibros nooooooo
where are the yejibros
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros might be gone but their legacy will prevail for all the eternity.
yejibros are alive..
yejibros
remove yejibros from this mentally ill list
where are the yejibros
the yejibros....
yejibros destroy blinksissies
yejibros take more Ls than blackpink have comeback delays
yejibros...
yejibros don't post here...
hello yejibros i'm back
brb yejibros
yejibros life matter
yejibros are the most normal people here
where are the yejibros
an L to surpass the yejibros
any yejibros in here
where are the yejibros
all the original yejibros died, I'm the new one
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
save us yejibros
any yejibros in
no... not again.... yejibros. . .
yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros i'm on bleach season 14!
yejibros wtf ;_;
where are the funny yejibros
wow yejibros this song is great
i want yejibros back
good morning yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros i did 20 push ups
any yejibros in
any yejibros in
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros
It was all over for the yejibros...
yejibros
any yejibros here
any yejibros in
don’t let the yejibros bite
real yejibros love lisa and all her posters
yejibros.......
if yejibros don't like lisa then i don't like yeji anymore
good, we don't want any fake yejibros anyway
i will destroy the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros.....
yejibros where we at
where are the yejibros
yejibros took another L
yejibros...
boring in here without yejibros
why are yejibros posting blackpink now
one of the hardest Ls the yejibros ever took
yejibros.............
the absolute state of yejibros
yejibros i'm iron III
ok where are the yejibros
yejibros just want to be cool like severus snape
yejibros are exactly like the sacred band of thebes except they collect Ls instead of Ws
yejibros... we're leaving
yejibros we're here
yes, us yejibros are always in
yejibros general
yejibros I just watched goblet of fire
Who has more L's yejibros or tzuyubros?
yejibros are 30000-34
very boring in here without yejibros
yejibros are the only normal people here
where are the yejibros
yejibros....
yejibros I just watched the order of the phoenix
i just realized yejibros are absolute fucking morons
the yejibros of ketchys
where the yejibros are
today the jenniebros took an L almost as hard as the yejibros that one time
redpill me on the yejibros major L incident
where are the yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros I'm going to watch the the half blood prince now
yejibros I just watched the half blood prince
where are the funny yejibros
where are the silent majority yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros coming back stronger than ever
where are the yejibros
yejibros...i can't handle this
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
i don't trust any yejibros anymore they're always up to something
what’s crazier is how they turned yejibros gay too like wtf
yejibros...
they should be more like yejibros and just erp with each other
basically yejibros were trying to gay erp with a ryujin poster earlier despite his protests
how we do get rid of the yejibros
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
why are dragman attacking yejibros again
yejibros the gay coomers...
yejibros cum to ryujinbros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
hmmm yejibros... gotta be
where are the yejibros
yejibros stay winning
yejibros....
yejibros...
hope the coom was worth the big L you took for the yejibros
there is no yejibros anymore anyway
good morning yejibros
goodnight yejibros
yejibros we are here
good evening yejibros
hope you have a good day today yejibros
yejibros are the best
where are the yejibros
hello yejibros what are we listening to
another L for the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros took a huge L earlier today....
yejibros or oncels
yejibros are slacking, or banned lol
where are the funny yejibros?
wtf i thought yejibros were allies
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuck
where the yejibros are
good morning yejibros
literally one post and yejibros start violently convulsing and throwing shit across the room
can't believe twicebros are taking even more ls than yejibros lately
where are the yejibros
yejibros dipped tho
fuck yejibros
Why did Itzy flop so hard yejibros
yejibros... I'm tired of thinking all the time...
yejibros are always itching for a gay erp session
i don't like yejibros anymore anyways
hello yejibros
goodbye yejibros
love yejibros
love the yejibros, hate the yeji
yejibros dont choose to become yejibros
where are the yejibros
rocket punch posters are just yejibros in disguise you can't make sense with them
good morning yejibros
yejibros took the fapttest L the second some guy invented the term "shartman"
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
yejibros, i cant remember much of what happened earlier today...i think we took another L.......
we yejibros thank you
give yejibros a shoutout PLEASE we need at least one W
twicebros have a harder time than yejibros lately lmfao
yejibros best posters on kpg
Waar zijn de yejibros?
yejibros won today
yejibros and yejisisters
good morning yejibros
yejibros i'm back
yejibros i'm black
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
but where are the true not mentally ill yejibros?
yejibros save us
yejibros dabbing on ryan these days
any yejibros
extremely mentally ill in here without yejibros
all yejibros btw
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
Another L for yejibros
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
where are the yejibros
where the yejibros are
where are the yejibros
yejibros what the fuck
good morning yejibros
yejibros... it's happening again
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
yejibros cant stop taking Ls
fucking hate new yejibros
yejibros are all falseflaggers
Haven't you embarrassed the yejibros enough
where are the yejibros
yejibros i'm no longer playing aram
yejibros btfo
yejibros.......
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
committing hate crimes with the yejibros
real yejibros live in brazil
all yejibros watch nizi
all the yejibros coming out the woodwork
yejibros where are the
feels so good knowing twice is over, yejibros we are taking over and itzy will become the biggest group in korea easily
good morning yejibros
we're just enjoying cute girls, friend. anyways any yejibros want to erp with me right now? i'll be jyp after a long day of hard work.
yejibros answer the call
This is bullshit yejibros
sucking off two yejibros at once
yejibros just want to watch the world burn
just us falseflagging yejibros
rest in peace yejibros
yejibros forever
are all yejibros a crackhead patrick stewart like this guy?
us yejibros are allied with junkymen so don't mess with them
yejibros took another L
where my yejibros
*hands yejibros another L*
I woke up in the middle of an alley with seven yejibros on my dick? How do we fix this?
yejibros are like Trevor Phillips but gayer and smoke more meth
where are the yejibros are
yejibros save us from the stinks and the sketchies, they took over the thread
yejibros, this cant keep happening...
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros get the fuck in here
Why are yejibros such chads?
where are the yejibros
hold this L yejibros
why are yejibros obsessed with shit and farts
where are the yejibros
any yejibros in
Why are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
feels bad yejibros
It's all over for the yejibros and midzy
yejibros stay winning
love you yejibros ;)
the yejibros....
yejibros noooooooooooooooo
what about yejibros
yejibros... not again.. .
executing yejibros one by one
yejibros aka yunkybros aka eebubros
shartranny is embarrassing us again yejibros...
yejibros I am curious about gay porn
where are the yejibros
how did yunkybros succeed where yejibros failed?
I imagine yejibros are just like robbie shapiro
so the yejibros are officially finito
where are the yejibros
*cooms in front of the whole thread and thoroughly embarrasses yejibros*
another L for the yejibros...
yejibros
A yejistick is coming for the yejibros
yejibros what is this
where are the yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros?
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
but seriously where are the yejibros
yejibros are laughing at you
another L for yejibros
yejibros just can't stop taking Ls
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros get in here
where are the yejibros
based hani addressing yejibros
yejibros don't care about some washed up mani
yejibros don't care about some washed up mani
yejibros don't care about a washed up hunk of plastic
yejibros don't care about a washed up hunk of plastic
another L for yejibros
where are the yejibros
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros we are many
yejibros
yves posters are just yejibros false falgging don't fall for their shit
where are the yejibros
good morning yejibros
Us yejibros all suffer from having giant cocks, its the curse of having the best kwaifu
join us yejibros in living!!
calling all yejibros to pray for this deranged woman
where are the yejibros
Funny how all the mentally ill yejibros just fucking disappeared
yejibros deserve respect
yejibros don't have human rights
another L for the yejibros...
don't mess with yejibros
where are the yejibros
very mentally ill in here without yejibros
yejibros she's here
yejibros are faggots here
where are the yejibros
yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibros
nooooooooooooooooo yejibros
where are the yejibros
and we yejibros like hylt
where are the yejibros
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros hate yunky
as a completely neutral third parter observer, it's apparent to me that yunkybros won the argument against the yejibros
yejibros are nice and friendly
a lot of yejibros are belligerent cavemen
we call them yejibros and they're mentally defunct
we all hate you madyejibro
the other yejibros are fine
you haven't reached the notoriety level of yejibros and you never will
yejibros broke kpg without a single shot fired though
yejibros we are leaving now
we just cancelled yejibros on twitter
yejibros didn't even do anything
wall gobbo took a bigger L than yejibros
we yejibros approve the new red velvet irene and seulgi monster song
yejibros stand for peace in this general.
us yejibros liked monster, don't listen to the faker
yejibros will openly coom in front of the entire thread but their queen wont even flash a nip for a split second? i find that hard to believe
yejibros post your hottest yejis
we did it yejibros
yejibros...
so glad mentally ill yejibros are gone
good morning yejibros
yejibros took another L
yejibros took another L again
wtf yejibros stop hogging all the Ls
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros just took another L
i dreamed of a big W for yejibros...
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuck
yejibros just cant stop taking Ls
yejibros took another L this thread
yejibros?
where are the yejibros
no yejibros...the thread just started and we're already taking big Ls
yejibros this can't be happening
yejibros take another L
where are the yejibros
yejibros what on earth happened.....
yejibros are very epic i agreee indeed
but where are the yejibros
hello? yejibros?
los yejibros nunca faltar
nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
very true yejibros agree
very true yejibros agree
very true yejibros agree
yejibros are sick in the head
very true yejibros agree
very true yejibros agree
very true yejibros agree
very true yejibros agree yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros
yejibros don't care about yonhi or yunky
remember a few months back when those 2 yejibros sharted on the same second
good thing nobody takes yejibros seriously after that one guy coomed in front of everyone
yejibros took another L last thread
yejibros aren't afraid to show their faces
yejibros. . .
i invited all the yejibros to my birthday party but only one yunkyman showed up
yejibros...we're already taking big Ls this thread....
yejibros what the fuck
where are the yejibros
yejibros are the most mentally sane posters here and not mentally ill at all
yejibros get in here
ok but where are the yejibros
yejibros just did a drive by water gun shooting at me
yejibros are the most oppressed group
yejibros my new haircut looks fucking cool
for my yejibros out there
yejibros are very epic
hello yejibros
yejibros post your best yeji pic
they are the only good posters here alongside yejibros of course
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
my respect for yejibros just dropped CONSIDERABLY
put some respeck on yejibros name
are yejibros related to yunkymen? their posts are very similar
who takes more Ls? yejibros or onces?
not yejibros and that's a fact
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros failing as always
yejibros never stop taking Ls
where are the yejibros
yejibros post yeonhee?
onces taking more Ls than yejibros
yejibros and the L
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
how much longer until the total defeat of the yejibros by the yunkymen
good night yejibros and yejibros adjacent
yejibros will always be here
where are the yejibros
Quantity aside the things yejibros do is mild in comparison
Some of you yejibros are alright. Don't go to the kpg meetup tomorrow
kill all yejibros
yejibros are the most oppressed race
Another L for the yejibros...
yejibros rise UP
yejibros are out of control
wait...no...yejibros, did we just take another L?
maybe yejibros aren't so bad
wow yejibros keep taking Ws
yejibros have been the worst posters here for 17 months now
leave yejibros alone
i just sucked off two yejibros for the price of one
looks like yejibros took another L this thread
yejibros it seems they are forming a union...
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros took another big L
yejibros will destroy you
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros left two threads ago, i think they went to sharkman's to coom together
where are the yejibros
another L for the yejibros
this but all yejibros
kys yejibros
why don't the other yejibros just execute the coomer yejibro to clear their name
yejibros took another L this thread
yejibros took another big W this thread
yejibros...
where are the yejibros?
yejibros?
sorry I'm late yejibros
yejibros, i have the squirts
where are the yejibros
yejibros do we like jihan or zoa
yejibros took another L last thread
yejibros get in here
respect yejibros
kill all yejibros
yejibros are people too you know we have feelings and everything
rumors circulate that ketchys and weeeklings are forming an alliance against us yejibros...
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros taking the L to end all Ls
yeji has been removed. all yejibros may proceed to stanning ludwiga. thank you for your cooperation
yejibros took another big L this thread
yejibros, we should leave kpg forever...
yejibros I just bought the iphone xr
yejibros we're coming back...
yejibros are fucking footlickers
the only think yejibros lick are windows and ketchy boots
yejibros, we're coming back....
fuck this, yejibros we are going to mars with elon musk
yejibros we are staying here and taking no Ls
where are the yejibros
yejibros took so many Ls that they became one. incredible
yejibros, we're coming back
we take a Dirty hatchet and chop yejibros into tiny pieces
just wait until the yejibros rise up you will be sorry
all ludwiggers out, yejibros we are coming back
god just kys, yejibros are the oncels of evening kpg
what’s this new insomnia vs yejibros drama i missed it
yejibros turning people into schizos lol
yejibros when the competition is dreamroasties and literal schizo brainlets, how do we keep taking so many Ls?
ludwiggers out, yejibros are back and dreamshitters take another L
yejibros we got the W last thread
starting to think yejibros are the most mentally ill
looks like another L for the yejibros
who let the yejibros out
all of us except yejibros who are 45+
yejibros just keep taking Ls
all yejibros
yejibros have falseflagged so much they no longer even believe they are yejibros
yejibros I have lost myself
false alarm yejibros I found myself
yejibros where am i
i worry that gowon posters are becoming as unhinged as yejibros...
yejibros I'm tired of being oppressed
yejibros have the most genuine fanbase on kpg
but yejibros drop her and pick up another nugu every other day
That is true, I admire yejibros every day
sorry i'm late yejibros
yejibros are the homelanders of kpg
yejibros are every poster on kpg dbh
yejibros who am i
yejibros let's go we're leaving
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
yejibros why...
we took another major L this thread yejibros
yejibros what is the mental illness level right now?
yejibros are all very successful and rich
why do yejibros hog all the Ls? save some for the rest of us
yejibros what the FUCK
yejibros, we're leaving this planet
good morning yejibros i'm winning
yejibros need to stop hoarding the Ls
yejibros took another L
yejibros just took another L
take a lesson from the yejibros and hold your L
better luck next time yejibros maybe she will sing better than a deaf mute or something
yejibros itzy really over.
hold this L yejibros
this thread is showing signs of sanity good bye yejibros
i'm an orbit and i hate itzy and especially yejibros.
yejibros falseflagging as dc bros hating dc while saying they just discovered itzy
yejibros can't stop losing
yejibros won with ease, those yuna crops are devastating
instant L for the yejibros
yejibros demand respect
yejibros don't back down from a fight
god damn yejibros
where are the yejibros?
hello yejibros
yejibros left after getting btfo last thread and they account for 90% of these posts
why is this guy looking for yejibros...
yejibros took another L
yejibros literally did nothing wrong
are yejibros even putting up a fight at this point? they seem weaker than ever before.
shartman was intended as an insult but some yejibros use it unironically so it doesn't really matter
yejibros and yunachads ties are stronger than ever.
yejibros
motherfuckers think yejibros are every poster here
an insult for yejibros aka sharkman
where are the yejibros
yejibros, /tv/ is laughing at us again
yet another L for yejibros
yejibros remain the most oppressed group
there are so many other people in this world who need to hold Ls but yejibros are hogging all of them. it's not fair
why do yejibros hate the visual of their group
yejibros coping hard
yejibros we don't have to go home but we can't stay here
yejibros i think we're losing this one
yejibros we verb noun adjective punctuation
yejibros... i just got diagnosed
noooooo yejibros nooooooooooooo
yejibros still hold that record
sorry im late yejibros
are yejibros happy now that there's no more yunabros on kpg? does it feel good to destroy your fandom?
where are the yejibros
where are all the yejibros?
another L for yejibros...
nooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros I found this
us yejibros will battle shartmen til the end of time
where are the yejibros
there are no more yejibros - only us...sharkmen
chinga tu madre, yejibros..
for the yejibros
yejibros took a major L already this thread
another L for yejibros
yejibros really took the L last thread kinda embarrassing
would yejibros take the compound V
and like 2 yejibros who we were okay with showed up because of the existential sharkman crisis
anyother L for yejibros
yejibros..............
good morning yejibros
yejibros, we are leaving
yejibros left
are yejibros spics wtf
yejibros we are leaving
where are the yejibros
yejibros stay winning
where are the yejibros
yejibros are the most oppressed race
oh no yejibros...
hello yejibros
i hope yejibros are ok. they looked like they were going to kill themselves yesterday.
yejibros, we're staying
where have all the yejibros gone
yejibros will be here soon
yejibros will be leaving soon
where are the yejibros going?
sorry i'm late yejibros
yejibros are waiting for lucifer season 5
yejibros got that shit locked
yejibros what are you listening to right now
and don't link that fucking jinny stream you motherfucker sack of trash you are not a yejibro burn in hell
yejibros we are losing to yuna daddies...
yejibros only listen to real music like nirvana and radiohead
yejibros are the cancer that killed /b/
why does that one guy hate yejibros
yejibros slay you
Why yes i am a yejibros how could you tell?
yejibros take another L
yejibros hacked the system
it's what yejibros do best
yejibros
we will protect our jihannie from the mentally ill and unpredictable yejibros
yejibros are the most predictable people in kpg
remove yejibros
yejibros are an endangered species. they need to be protected.
yejibros are cancer
shoot yejibros on sight
yejibros are people too you know we have feelings and everything
yejibros look like this
yejibros took another L this thread
*hands yejibros yet another L*
yejibros what the fuck
another L for yejibros
yejibros... prepare to hold another L...
another L for yejibros
yejibros, we're leaving...
yejibros are we here
yejibros
explain this yejibros
she's so cute yejibros
yejibros.... bad news
yejibros...we're about to take another L....
yejibros.....
yunadaddies > squidlovers > ryujinsissies > lialegionaries > yejibros
where are the yejibros
do not impregnate yejibros
yejibros are the last "people" we need reproducing
yejibros have been attacking anyone indescriminately recently
just yejibros
where are the yejibros
the yejibros
based yejibros reporting ryujinsissy and his off topic friends
looks like a major W for yejibros
yejibros said riku looks like the son of godzilla
we don't put stock into anything yejibros say anyways
BIG W for yejibros last thread
the yejibros have won again, im proud of my sharkmen
why are yejibros so mentally ill?
yejibros - do not care about about the retarded group cult mentality; we just post whatever girls we think are cute, keep no secrets about whichever new girl has piqued our interests, and stay honest at all times
where the yejibros are
luyejibros
casual gamer yejibro
mikiri yejibros
yejibros WAKE UP
only yejibros take Ls
wow, yejibros taking massive L(mao)s
yejibros...
yejibros, we're staying
where are the yejibros
yejibros are normal
yejibros are a united front
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-a dragonman makes a yejibro coom hard in front of the entire thread embarrassing the order of the yeejai
yejibros declare war on kpg
yejibros are only at war with yunacucks, ryujinsissies, and ketchy
get him yejibros
yejibros were at war with that eebubro but he literally disappeared
millions of yejibros here today
yejibros took another L this thread
where are the yejibros
yejibros...we are leaving...
yejibros...we are on our way...
where are the yejibros
yejibros...?
yejibros. . . ?
yejibros the chinese are attacking us again
yejibros we are infiltrating three gorges dam
yejibros, we're leaving china...
uh oh yejibros the chinese are stealing precious american oxygen
yejibros..................
there are lots of yejibros and we all have our own opinions and love different people ok
yejibros keep getting handed Ls
yejibros I got the plague
yejibros, it's time for a healthy balanced breakfast
yejibro's cereal.png
the only cereal yejibros eat
yejibros what did we think of this
where are the yejibros
yejibros just took another L
hello yejibros?
yejibros
did yejibros btfo you that hard? afraid to own up to erp bragging?
yejibros just took another L
yejibros...
......yejibros what the fuck is this
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuck
you guys told me they were yejibros then dubu posters and now gaypop fags?
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
yejibros just took another L this thread
because it`s very boring in here without yejibros
yejibros, kill this man...
yejibros who's our nizi bias
yejibros, we've had a major breakthrough in our shark cloning research
yejibros rise up
yejibros win again, are you pathetic motherfuckers even trying?
the yejibros are screaming again
yejibros
yejibros of course
noooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooo
why are all the yejibros gone?
yejibros are so cuuuute
yejibros are so complicated
where are the yejibros
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
hold this L yejibros
yejibros, im going to stop taking my schizo pills.
thanks, love yeji love yejibros
yejibros, we've finished decoding the shark genome. clone production will begin immediately.
rare W for yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros demanded
yejibros, it's time to make a hasty departure
where are the yejibros
yejibros ruined kpg
but where are the yejibros
yejibros, please stop taking your meds. we need you back
where are the yejibros
where are the demon yejibros
jfc... i don't know how yejibros deal with her constantly getting mogged
goood morning yejibros
yejibros, we're leaving
where are the yejibros?
very true brother. yejibros have a subsidiary in every group.
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros requested
yejibros taking Ls in this thread
no... yejibros..
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros...
yunabros never hated yejibros
I miss yejibros
yejibros, this is our thread
we yejibros are very diverse and tolerant
yejibros, we're staying
yejibros just took another L this thread
yejibros... we took another L...
yejibros... we took another L...
where are the yejibros
there's just no winning yejibros....
but where are the yejibros
our time has come, yejibros...
yejibros hate povertyball
what is wrong with yejibros
i'm gonna filter you we yejibros never lose!
yejibros we're leaving
wow yejibros are very cool
oncels been taking more Ls than yejibros
yejibros we are not monks
yejibros took another L this thread
yejibros are mentally ill..!!
yejibros are not mentally ill
yejibros just took a big L this thread
noooooooooo yejibros noooooooooo
yejibros more like lejibros haha
yejibros i got it!!
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros indeed
yejibros
she doomed yejibros to hold Ls forever
yejibros we're leaving
where do the yejibros go when they leave?
as i was saying, where do the yejibros go when they leave?
yejibros are we back
ok goodnight yejibros
yejibros... we're leaving again
yet another massive L for yejibros
yejibros, we're leaving
hello yejibros?
yejibros are the normal ones
yejibros i didn't know she was tall
but where are the yejibros
oh nononono yejibros this can't be happening to us....
we did it yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros and yonhichads are not related
yejibros we are here
fuck yejibros
yejibros do not watch this
wow yejibros are very famous
yejibros watch this
yejibros just took a big L this thread
yeji thread for the yejibros
yejibros, we are staying...
recent studies show a direct correlation between yejibros staying and incidence of Ls, it may be time to rethink this strategy
yejibros?
yejibros
nooooooo yejibros nooooooooo
another L for yejibros
where are the yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros, vamanos
i honest to god hope ludwiga gets her revenge on the yejibros
which weeekly do yejibros like?
i hate yejibros so damned goddamned much
yejibros..we neee to do something about those weeklyfuckers, they are getting bigger and bigger. we must stop them, whatever it takes
yejibros... we're posting weeekly
monday = the baddest bitch..we yejibros support monday
we're here yejibros
i'm here yejibros
where did weekly even come from. there was no hype or big trailers they just popped outta nowhere.. very suspicious.. yejibros are going to investigate this just so you know
yejibros...i'm already a demon
yejibros are scared
is property of yejibros
yet another L for yejibros
yejibros we kinda forgot to get the numbers
yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros..........
thinking about my yejibros
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros...
yejibros just took another L
yejibros, today is the day we will leave this sinful place behind
yejibros just took another L this thread
yejibros i am tired
yejibros... another L...
where are the yejibros
yejibros we're not gay
where the yejibros are
yejibros we're back
yejibros, we're leaving
yejibros
yejibros
why are yejibros like that
yejibros explain yourselves
where are all the true yejibros...
yejibros we're leaving and never coming back
unpack your things yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros we're leaving again
this idiot is trying to make us yejibros look stupid NOT ANOTHER L
yejibros are like little chihuahuas that yip real loud but get bodied by the bigger dogs
yejibros?
those guys can't be yejibros. you can tell they've never held an L in their lives
yejibros, we're leaving
ok but where are the yejibros
yejibros.
we're here yejibros
yejibros are we doing it to jinny belly button
yejibros...we're leaving...
yejibros we don't need to hear that. i say we leave once and for all.
we don't have to take this. yejibros i say we leave immediately and forever
yejibros... we need new pictures
yejibros took a major L this thread
alright yejibros this settles it. we'll migrate to twitter and leave kpg forever immediately. aaaaaand go.
yejibros we just took another L..
yejibros we are here
hello yejibros
yejibros ww@?
yejibros out too
this. and if they don't leave we yejibros should.
yejibros are we here
if yeji has yejibros
yejibros...
sorry i'm late yejibros
yejibros run kpg
looks like something about a major L and the yejibros
yejibros, we're ____
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros....we need to get a W one of these days....
another L for the yejibros
yejibros can we compete with this?
loser leaves town with a massive L and yejibros in tow
yejibros, is it over? we must stop taking Ls
there's no shit in that, yuna looks like a woman and yeji looks like a undeveloped boy, realsitically yeji is ugly and this is why yejibros are meming with her all the time, so they can help her at least in that regard since she's never going to be a hot woman with good body
luyejibros
casual gamer yejibro
mikiri yejibros
yeyejibros
yejibros..........
i bet the yejibros did this
yejibros are just a myth
I bet yejibros are behind this
what is happening yejibros....
we're here yejibros
yejibros...
hwhere are the yejibros
yejibros do something
yejibros, we're leaving
y-yejibros?
yejibros we don't have to take this.
yejibros i say we leave this oncel infested place now and forever
yejibros this is a good song without the vocals
wtf how could yejibros do this
hello yejibros?
yejibros we did not kill steve irwin
yejibros... we've been duped again
yejibros took a L this thread
yejibros and ls...
yejibros have liked jihan for months
where are the yejibros
yejibros
don't worry yejibros are cooking up something good, just you wait
yejibros fault
where are the yejibros
why are yejibros so cool
very true yejibros are the best
very true and only REAL yejibros agree
lots of yejibros here
very true yejibros agree indeed my mouth noooo any tickly feetman in we are many indeed my brothers
5 facts about yejibros
yejibros rise up
yejibros like that guy joe exotic
yejibros have yeji hair
but then you said yejibros had to be taller than the average yejibro
the average yejibro height is 6'1. what this entails is that all yejibros are 6'1 in which case they would not qualify to be yejibros
What about that thread that was mostly screaming yejibros?
yejibros thread used to be fucking epic
yejibros...
yejibros do not have tiny fists fuck you
yejibros, we're kekking
out of all of kpgs extremely retarded posters yejibros are one of the least annoying desu
good morning yejibros
yejibros ww@?
and this is why i love you yejibros
yejibros we messed up this time. we should lay low for a couple months.
all yejibros are now ketchybros
very true yejibros are excellent drivers indeed
better keep an eye on this one yejibros
where are the yejibros
big W for yejibros
yejibros we are many
yejibros...we need to find the path..
wow there are so many yejibros
there are quintillions of yejibros
where is the yeji thread everyone in the entire multiverse wanted... yejibros this isn't fair.
so many yejibros today wow
yejibros we are leaving for good
if yejibros leave who is going to clean your toilet?
there are no yejibros here
yejibros were going back to our secret erp discord
yejibros we are staying
i think yejibros are very cool and epicr
yejibros should go home while their ahead
yejibros are the most based, actually
lets rock and roll yejibros!!!
yejibros make a fucking thread
yejibros what can we do to reduce the massive amount of Ls we take every thread
yejibros why are we taking ls aigan
ok yejibros i'm leaving
this post is for yejibros only
her hands look so soft yejibros
yejibros we're staying
yejibros i'm back!
yejibros, we're leaving
where are the screaming yejibros
yejibros...
oh where, oh where have my yejibros gone?
where are the yejibros
yejibros are the best!
save us yejibros
us yejibros are so fucking cool
we yejibros love rio
yejibros just took another L
another L for yejibros
please stop...us yejibros are tired of taking Ls...
yejibros love taking Ls, it's literally their fetish. they're fine.
yejibros?
Another L for the yejibros
yejibros we are here
hello yejibros
we have to start calling oncels once again because yejibros have taken all the Ls
yejibros it keeps happening
hello yejibros?
i see what yejibros post every day but this goes above and beyond
good evening yejibros
yejibros, we're leaving
yejibros, we're back
save us yejibros
another L for the yejibros
another W for the yejibros
yejibros will get a W one day
yejibros we're going out back to form a circlejerk
where are the yejibros
the yejibros are all dead
i was indifferent to yejibros but now i hate them
yejibros are innocent it was a false flagger
monumental L for yejibros
yejibros did nothing wrong
yejibros did nothing right
yejibros get out of my sight
yejibros... we are leaving
yejibros, just be yeribros for now
so only the chewyshitter is implicated, yejibros are innocent?
yejibros did nothing wrong. it was just chewytranny being cancerous as usual
we yejibros listen to joe satriani
we true yejibros listen to paco de lucia
what do yejibros think of american primitivism
we real life true yejibros listen to static from the big bang
thanks brother we yejibros truly appreciate music
wow yejibros are very cultured
All yejibros are now yeribros today btw. We've forced them to pick up some girl from a group they likely don't care about. It's like an episode of the twilight zone.
yejibros we are cumming
yejibros get in
why do yejibros suddenly disappear
yejibros operate as a collective, autistic mind
where the yejibros are
good morning yejibros
give it a rest, yejibros
more importantly where are the yejibros
yejibros fucking suck
yejibros only suck yejifeet
yejibros are so cool
please ryujinman we don't need another coomcident. yejibros still haven't recovered from the L they took last time
oh no yejibros are going to blast all over the thread again....
yejibros just took another L
can't even take an L myself because yejibros keep taking them all this isi bullshit
big W for yejibros this thread and every thread
yejibros are too quick
nooooo yejibros noooooo we can't afford to take another L
yejibros...
yejibros in disguise
yejibros / kpg
And as myasthenia relinquishment Yeribros you can revert to yejibros.
yejibros starting off the thread with an L....
yejibros left for real this time
yejibros run kpg
yejibros we're staying
yejibros kill this man
was ist los yejibros?
yejibros...
any yejibros in
where the yejibros are
the yejibros...
good morning yejibros i'm watching kung fu panda
us yejibros
too many Ls for yejibros
yejibros...................................................................
yejibros never samefag
wow yejibros are very based
whenever yejibros grab hold of something they run into the ground
respect yejibros
yejibros are the most discriminated against posters here
yejibros... we're running into the ground
yejibros are like aids. they ruin everything they touch
yejibros...we are giving kpg too many Ls today...we should go easy on them for a while...
yejibros we are here
President Trump here, keep up the good work yejibros!
yejibros fucking suck
yejibros fucking suck my dick
yejibros have very good taste in music
yejibros taking a lot of Ls this thread
yejibros have tiny dicks!
yejibros have taken nothing but Ws for 5 threads in a row now
they dont use their dicks on yeji they use them on other yejibros
yejibros are so cool
we are all yejibros
yejibros....
yejibros are very cool
oh but yejibros are okay
hello yejibros?
another L for yejibros
uuhm... yejibros? what the literal hell?
good morning yejibros!
yejibros, i don't feel so good
yejibros save us from these boring fucks
yejibros don't post that pic again
yejibros we're ______
it's such a beautiful day yejibros
don't forget to stay hydrated yejibros
yejibros... we lost...
demonshart is so hot yejibros
will someone please help the yejibros
I'm fucking sick and tired of this. I see no wenders, joys, slugs, renes, yeris or even yejibros. Post the right girls god damnit. Pic related
yejibros... we are leaving for real this time...
we are winning yejibros
us yejibros gon finna kms ourselves
where are the yejibros
yejibros.com
you dare make a mockery of yejibros?
where are the yejibros
yejibros help
yejibros... this was the last straw. we're moving out.
yejibros took a L this thread
where the yejibros are
the yejibros are all dead
yejibros whats your favorite pink floyd song?
yejibros took another L this thread
where are the yejibros i'm really disappointed they didn't show up today at the appropriate hours
yejibros taking a lot of Ls this thread
yejibros are not gay but if we were we would be the ones getting head just saying, again we are not gay
yejibros multitasking as always
sucking dick doesn't make yejibros gay
the fact they like it is what makes yejibros gay
and just like that, as mysteriously as the yejibros arrived, they were gone...
hello yejibros i'm playing far cry 3
yejibros what the heck is poopping today?
we're here yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros are busy taking Ls
any yejibros in
the yejibros
yejibros invented this
yejibros took another L last thread
yejibros this song is very cool, just like us
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of the thunderstorm
and where are the yejibros
ryujin's face is a trainwreck. yejibros are laughing at you
yejibros rule _____ with an iron fist
yejibros are small and pathetic
yejibros are large in in charge
if yejibros had any kind of power they would kick these stupid gaypoppers out
another L for the yejibros
another L for the yejibros
uhh yejibros??
hello yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros....
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
give me a list of acceptable haircuts for yejibros
yejibros on the storm
yejibros we aren't whites wtf!
most yejibros here are greasy latinos
they killed wendy yejibros
yejibros did 9/11
oh no no yejibros they love bp
where do the yejibros go when the yunkymen come out
oh no yejibros i am mentally ill
Don't use the yejibros for your shit.
me and my yejibros suck jany cock that's why we never get banned
kpg is in good hands under the rule of yejibros
yejibros we finally got a W
nooooo yejibros noooooooo i forgot to buy butter
yejibros are the laughing stock of kpg
shoutout to yejibros
Thats why all the yejibros are now yeribros.
where ARE the yejibros!?
yejibros win again gg
haha you yejibros
yejibros already went to mars
based yejibros
yejibros we had fun yesterday
yejibros save this fucking thread
yejibros... my breath smells so bad i can actually smell it
yejibros i'm leaving for bp lisa it was lovely to shitpost with you
yejibros...
oh no no yejibros twice is finito
yejibros... how can we compete with this??
yejibros it's too hot
yejibros nooooo
good evening yejibros
good afternoon yejibros
goodbye yejibros
yejibros
yejibros we need to save this thread
yejibros ride the small yellow bus
hello yejibros im back
yejibros took a major L
hello yejibros?
wow there are a lots of yejibros today!
but what about the yejibros
Yeah I'm off to bed, yejibros
only americans can be yejibros
any yejibros still around?
yejibros get in here
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we are winning this thread
yejibros are cute
hello yejibros
i swear, the instant yeji gets called ugly yejibros immediately shit on her groupmates
you sound like a bunch of circlejerking faggots. yejibros even have infighting episodes but we always recover and grow stronger. one yejibro can fend for himself
just us yejibros
because midwits have an embargo against yejibros
yejibros i pooped my pants again
yejibros we can save this thread its not too late
this is the kind of music us yejibros listen too
if yejibros already have ultra fast travel why don't they bring me to korea already?
yejibros
yejibros retreat
the yejibros have it buried under their community mudhut, it's hidden so the shartmen can't steal it
big W for yejibros
everyone act like twitterroasties here. except the yejibros. very true.
where are the yejibros?
any yejibros in
we are called yejibros
and i heard you banned all the yejibros
would like to see yejibros desu
huh? yejibros?
yejibros... we're leaving for /vip/
good morning yejibros
yikes, yejibros this doesn't look good for us
very true yejibros are the smartest
this is yunacuck, he is obsessed with yejibros and will bring them up out of nowhere
because yuna used to be spammed here before yejibros put a stop to that shit
it's not a stretch to believe he started the "yejibros... we took an L" meme, as well as "nooo yejibros nooooo" which was phased out entirely for the "L" meme. he is just obsessed with yejibros
ok brother i agree but in the past (early 2019(the genesis of the yejibros)) yeji used to be more spammed than yuna and that was epic
yejibros took a colossal W
yejibros you cute faggots
would you, yejibros?
where are the yejibros
yejibros are watching yuggie right now
yejibros post your haircuts!
yejibros...
hello yejibros good morning
good evening yejibros i am your host mr. yej
good afternoon yejibros
ok goodbye yejibros
yejibros just took a major L this thread
yejibros I'm listening to deftones
at least 73% of yejibros recently became yunkybros instead
hello yejibros? i just got a karambit knife
yejibros are so rich and handsome
yejibros i just sold my karambit knife for $400
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros... this can't be true.
oh no yejibros what have we done
where is the yejibros folder with all our phrases.txt we are very famous
yejibros love deftones
truth is we've been yejibros from the start
getting bored of yejibros desu
yejibros like NMH
yejibros like weezer the most
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
brother add the genesis of the yejibros (early january 2019) at the top
yejibros what now
wtf yejibros
why are yejibros so autistic? I mean I like them and I don't have any problem with them, but they are just weird
yejibros are not faggots
yejibros, i'm retiring...
but yejibros are not mentally ill
yejibros are lovers not fighters
the most oppressed group of all, yejibros...
yejibros are very cool
yejibros are like robert from 60 days in
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros still taking more Ls this thread
yejibros we're leaving for chrome
yejibros what monster hunter weapon do we use
yejibros are high iq and naturally use charge blade
nevermind, yejibros we're staying.
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're here
yejibros...
yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros don't take meds
oh no yejibros twice is the best group in the world
oh no noooo yejibros
yejibros we think this is freaking trash
yejibros get in
yejibros we are suffering
yejibros get in here
why do yejibros keep winning?
yejibros we took an L this thread
sorry im late yejibros
yejibros... we're voting for kanye
yejibros our luck has run out.
yejibros
hello yejibros?
yejibros... it is time.
yejibros sharted the bed last thread
wtf i hate yejibros now
where are the yejibros
i'm glad yejibros and ryujinsissies made peace
yejibros we have fucking ascended...
yejibros?
yejibros get in here
yejibros took a major L this thread
Wenders. I stand with yejibros, you guys gotta calm down
yejibros hate drugs
yejibros will save mina
another L for yejibros
yejibros join the al-shabaab
good morning yejibros
all yejibros need is a peloton
hello yejibros?
thanks for saving the thread yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros get in here
hello yejibros
yejibros get in here
yejibros took a major L this thread
very true my brother the yejibros are many
how did yejibros manage to take an outdated hairstyle like the mullet and make it trendy again?
yejibros are cool af ngl
yejibros whe need our fighting theme for the next season
yejibros this is our fighting theme
leave yejibros alone you motherfucker i'm gonna fucking kill you
yejibros look very scary and very hood i advise to say away from them they killed all my family once
but yejibros are white chads not mexicans
goodnight yejibros
yejibros took a L last thread
uhh yejibros...
we're more than that. we're yejibros
It´s okay if you repost the same picture even a thousand times... i mean just take yejibros as an example
did the yejibros kill twicels or was it the wizchads
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros get in here
is this yejibros first W?
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
why are yejibros so mentally ill?
Thanks yejibros.
yejibros we can't let this happen
yejibros we are migrating
yejibros explain this
oh no no yejibros
yejibros i have a problem...
yejibros we finally caught a W
word yejibros are very cool
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros...we're leaving
hello yejibros i need money
nooooo yejibros this is cultural appropriation
yejibros
right yejibros?
oh nono yejibros
holy shit american hours are shit. yejibros fix this
yejibros i'm tired
That's it yejibros, we're leaving.
yejibros have been taking major Ls today
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros are about to take an L....
yejibros just took a major L
yejibros head game has been lacking lately i don't know bros i think they kinda fell off
just another L for yejibros
yejibros have never been btfo in our lives
Oh no no no yejibros...
big L for yejibros indeed
the fuck do these autistic yejibros argue about?
yunkymen we want to form an alliance with yejibros
holy fuck yejibros
why did all the yejibros move on to /kr/?
i guess yejibros are based after all
good morning yejibros
good evening yejibros
good afternoon yejibros
goodnight yejibros
yejibros... why are you like this
yejibros...
yejibros do we love blackpink
yejibros have been funding both sides in every war
yejibros took another L even without being directly involved. somebody update the pasta
yejibros just took a major L
yejibros how do i do this?
yejibros what the actual fuck?
you've come a long way yejibros.
hello yejibros? mayday mayday
is this the biggest L yejibros have taken?
add this to the timeline what the FUCK yejibros
yejibros taking a lot of Ls this thread
yejibros we are currently listening this
yejibros i'm mewing
yejibros, we're leaving...we cant keep taking this many Ls
wow yejibros we used to dominate kpg...
we're all yejibros here
any yejibros in
another L for the yejibros
uhh yejibros this is kind of slutty....
another W for the yejibros
good morning yejibros
why are yejibros seething again
big win for yejibros
yejibros explain
yejibros are pass users. pr based
yejibros who do we main in risk of rain 2?
yejibros what are you plotting now?
yejibros?
Do yejibros really have fanbase on /kpg/?
yes the yejibros have a lot of fanboys on kpg such as ryujinmans and yunkymen.
big W for yejibros
only us yejibros are allowed to use the y word
yejibros...
yejibros. post her ass.
meanwhile us yejibros are pulling the strings behind the curtain
yejibros! we won
yejibros don't stop believing
oh no no yejibros
expected yejibros to be smarter than this
but where are the yejibros
yejibros are the only normal people here
where are the yejibros i been asking this for so long
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
yejibros this can't be happening
any yejibros here
hello yejibros
oh no no yejibros it's selena GOMEZ
yejibros i skipped leg day...
yejibros why is modern warfare 220gb?
hello yejibros
do yejibros prefer yeji pits or yeji feet?
for my yejibros
yejibros we are many
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros
yejibros.... ;_;
yejibros took major Ls this thread
another thread, another L for yejibros
how do you cope yejibros?
yejibros...
yejibros... when we disco?
yejibros I can't stop listening to the around the fur album
yejibros, we are staying...
good morning yejibros
yejibros have lost their swag
yejibros get in here
yejibros just took a MAJOR L this thread
Very dead in here without my yejibros.
hello yejibros?
very boring in here without my yejibros.
yejibros we can say the n word
yejibros just took another L
brb yejibros i have to do my NASA homework because i am a genius
good evening yejibros
any yejibros want to do this with me?
yejibros are commiefornian?
yejibros we are shy today
yejibros we are safe
yejibros... we're leaving...
yejibros just took another L
yejibros already took a L this thread
yejibros...
The yejibros will hear about this!
yejibros... it can't end like this...
yejibros we're not shy anymore
/yejibros/i;
yet another L for yejibros
/yejibro/i
/yejibros/i
it's just yejibros that got hold of the wrong meds
yejibros...we cant keep taking Ls like this...
yejibros are losing control again
yejibros this is our thread theme
might start keeping track of each time yejibros take an L
yejibros... it just keeps happening...
leave us yejibros alone
yejibros we are shy
yejibros getting a little too cocky
Anoddah L for the yejibros
don't forget yejibros
yejibros we think fandom wars are gay
yejibros vs the world
yejibros... this is our chance
nooooo yejibros nooooo stay alive
yejibros are one with yeji she is our hive mother
yejibros we’re revolting
yejibros we're back
yejibros when we disco we keep control of our bodily functions
yejibros, this might be the first thread where you dont take an L
chewybros racking up more Ls than yejibros lately
yejibros, we are leaving
yejibros we are holding the line
reminder that one of the yejibros got exposed as a pass user
yejibros took another L this thread
why are yejibros old melting irishmen...
yejibros... yeji looks so good in the teaser.
any yejibros in
good morning yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros we won an award
yejibros... will the Ls ever stop...
NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros win even when they're losing
yejibros
yejibros get in here
yejibros we are not there
yejibros don't use twitter
real yejibros only like dante not those uggos
looks like another L for the yejibros
yejibros i hate to admit it but we took a big L this thread
noooo yejibros
yejibros what a woman
yejibros all suck my dick
yejibros.
why are all yejibros so mentally ill
yejibros are excellent at being unfunny obnoxious retards
yejibros are fans of la casa de papel
is this what yejibros look like
you'd only attract yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
there are quadrillions of yejibros
all yejibros are one
what the fuck is wrong with yejibros?
yejibros...
yejibros we are resetting our router
yejibros what the fuck
good evening yejibros
Any yejibros in?
hello yejibros
uh yejibros? is yeji a crypto stacey too....
yejibros it's over...
nooo yejibros nooooooo
yejibros how can you decry blink lyrics if you have this?
yejibros get in here
then they came for the yejibros and i said nothing
hello yejibros good afternoon
Us yejibros follow the shartism
yejibros we're here
I got nae nae'd extremely hard and violently by some yejibros. I will be contacting the authorities shortly
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros just took another L
noooooooooooo yejibros
everyone except yejibros...
we did it yejibros
yejibros are some of the funniest posters here honestly
oh no yejibros...
nooooooooooooooo yejibros
wtf yejibros are boomers?
I was chosen by wenders but I support you yejibros.
yejibros how did they find out about our age
i wish to still be here when im 30, godspeed yejibros
at least we are all in shape and above 5'11, right yejibros?
yejibros............
another W for the yejibros
yejibros we are here
we are here yejibros
just to make it clear, real yejibros don't listen to weezer
yejibros what is your favorite weezer song
noooooooooooooooooo yejibros we're embarrassing ourselves
another massive L for yejibros
yejibros just took another L
another big L for yejibros
yejibros will rule kpg like any other day
yejibros are many
yejibros are yejibros
yejibros get ready
yejibros what the FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
yejibros... we're staying
be careful, the yejibros... they lie...
yejibros we are here
yejibros just took another L this thread
joybros, wendybros, wenderman, slugposters and the yejibros.
another W for the yejibros.
yejibros just took another L
uhhh yejibros? our girl got pussy mogged....
good evening yejibros
yejibros just took a major L
yejibros we are here
where are the white coat yejibros
just another L for yejibros
yejibros we have good taste in music
yejibros we are dividing...
yejibros we are multiplying...
yejibros we are subtracting...
yejibros taking A LOT of Ls this thread
yejibros a post made me giggle and it helped me push a poo out easier
why can't all us yejibros just get along?
stop yejibros
yejibros we're leaving...we cant keep taking this many Ls
add the yejibros genesis (early 2019) you fuckers!!1!
yejibros this is embarrassing
yejibros are getting filtered by tmr
yejibros abandon the thread before it gets worse
yejibros the ship is sinking
yejibros we're deleteing mucore
all of the yejibros lining up to fuck yeji but the one yejibro just wants to fuck the other yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros don't discover music on a taiwanese basket-weaving forum
yejibros... it happened again
yejibros we are listening to the offspring
hadn't seen this many yejibros in a while...
why are yejibros trending right now
ouch yejibros help he's pistolwhipping me
yejibros already took a L this thread
yejibros.. how do we recover?
yejibros we want to have sex with this nugu right
yejibros already got assraped by their fathers at a young age
yejibros i cant take it anymore
sweet dreams yejibros, it's over
yejibros we yejibros are yejibros very yejibros true yejibros indeed yejibros my yejibros mouth yejibros noooo yejibros no yejibros i yejibros love yejibros so yejibros her yejibros much yejibros yejibros yejibrokjairoioijiyjteoaijaoeijdaoijfrouh jgaldkj nbldfk;sbj nxoiuboipsdru098rej7ug0985jm89ghj90w4hjs
a yejibro was giving me head the other day and he suddenly started crying in the middle of it. are yejibros ok?
yejibros we are here
yejibros we did not coom that one time we swear
yejibros we are migrating...
yejibros i want to be a girl so badly i keep dreaming of morphing into one and going to school
yejibros i think we're staying...
yejibros we are yejibros we arteYEJIBROS WE ARE YEJIBROS WE ARE YEJIBROS YEJIBROS YEJIBROSYEJIBROSYTEJBIROSYTEJIBROSJIBVROIJWEOIERJOWEIJYOIJEOYIJYOIJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEJIBROS WE ARE FINE YEJIBROS WE ARE THE BEST YEJIBROS WE NEVER LOSER YEJIBROS WE ARE EPIC WE YEJIBROS ARE COOL AND NOT LOSERS OR GAY WE ARE STRAIGHT WHITE CHADS VERY TRUE YESYTESYESYESYES YEJIBROS WE ARE TYEJIBROS YEJIBRIAYEJIBROSYEJIBR
I like sissies yejibros....
how do we purge these yunashitters spamming about yejibros
yejibros my mouth is ready
what does xhe have against us, yejibros...
for the sake of all yejibros let's wipe the last 24 hours from yejistory
yejibros holocaust
yejibros we're making a tactical retreat
yejibros... trannyspammer handed us another L
yejibros it is time
every time i show up nobody's there so i don't believe yejibros suicide pact anymore.
any yejibros in?
yejibros, hop in. we're leaving
yejibros what happened in that thread stays in that thread capeesh?
yejibros I'm scared
your yejibros will support you. no shartman comes out of the closet alone.
yejibros i have something important to say
we are yeyejibros
yejibros
*yejibro*
yejibros... i am staying...
we stopped caring long time ago brother, it's fine as long as yeji and yejibros are being the center of attention
Can yejibros find love on the battle field?
yejibros i’ll be i’ll be down down down down
yejibros we're here
where are we yejibros?
see you tomorrow yejibros
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
add the yejibros genesis (early 2019) brother please thats all im asking for brother
yejibros i need to pee
yejibros, my mom found my anal beads again...
yejibros the voices won't go away
yejibros i'm listening to weezer, yes i'm a fucking faggot
yejibros why are europeans so gay?
that's why I'm asking the yejibros
yejibros run kpg
yejibros you can't hide your Ls
that wasn't our fault yejibros
yejibros we should be proud of our confessions
yejibros what happened
yejibros is it true that big dicks in your ass is bad for your health?
we have gays and trans yejibros in our ranks now
yejibros the condom fucking broke what do i do
but seriusly yejibros im going to sleep now i did like 60 push ups (in one set) and im tired
goodnight my yejibroskis
yejibros i felt something move
yejibros have taken about 100 Ls in the last hour
and? you just keep talking about yejibros, and that's a big win
Very yejibro
Sometimes I think how life would be so much better if I were a girl, yejibros...
yejibros are L
love my mentally ill yejibros, fuck m
a W for yejibros (and yejigirls)
yejibros... we're going mainstream
yejibros on the left
yejibros we're getting new waifus
yejibros can't even get along with each other
yejibros... we're leaving...
yejibros... what the fuck??
yejibros...
want to thank yejibros for the laughs today
hope all my yejibros had a good yejisleep and feel energized to post yejis
yejibros we're losing ground. where is your fighting spirit?
no yejibros. we are alone.
yejibros are always here
yejibros have in biggest fanbase on kpg
yejibros are back with a vengeance
yejibros we just took our monthly shower and are ready to post
what happened with the yejibros yesterday I had to sleep
boring and gay here without yejibros
oh no no no he missed the next chapter in yejibro lore...
yejibros... i dreamed i was a girl again
yejibros, my anus is still hurting from last night...
yejibros it’s okay to be different
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros, we are
yejibros
another L for yejibros...
is yejibros are shy but very nice when you get to know us
good morning yejibros
yejibros come here
any yejibros in
yejibros took a few minor Ls then a huge W
when is yejibros hours
yejibros are we still gay
yejibros are all gay
yejibros i wish i was yeji
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
that's yejibros
hello yejibros
hell yeah my yejibros we will reign again
yejibros...
any yejibros in
but where are the yejibros
I had nightmares yejibros....
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
yejibros i have something to get off my chest...
well you add it motherfucker i'm not the timeline guy poster i just wanted to post it with the yejibros genesis (early 2019) in it
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are not shy about being yejibros
yejibros we are listening to the classic indie radio on spotify
weezergate really put things into perspective around here didnt it yejibros
yejibros we are winning
yejibros
yejibros it itches so bad
yejibros took a major L last thread
any yejibros in
where are the yejibros
the yejibros
why are yejibros so submissive
yejibros i'm scared to come out
one person? there are like 3 yejibros 1 shartman and 2 gayjibros
yejibros tomorrow its going to be a good day
yejibros are retarded
all yejibros are esl that's nothing new and there's nothing wrong about it, that's why they call themselves yejihermanos
yejibros what are you wearing today?
The paladins are so handsome and muscular yejibros....
And yet another L for the yejibros...
yejibros get in, we're leaving
yejibros are we cool?
save us yejibros (former choabros)
redpill me on yejibros
yejibros, any thoughts on this?
yejibros did nothing wrong
get fucked yejibros
yejibros it feels right licking this popsicle
yejibros where are we
all yejibros share the same mind
yejibros they are making fun of us
yejibros we are incorporating into greater yejistan
any yejibros wanna make out?
yejibros are we bleaching
yejibros... is it true what they say...
yes we know yejibros are gay no need to rub it in
i like yejibros now
yejibros my neck hurts
yejibros im pregnant
yejibros my rational feminine side is calling me
yejibros i dreamed i was a girl again
yejibros we are being falseflagged
why are yejibros trannies now
yejibros be like
yejibros are gay therefore we like dc
yejibros took another L this thread
oh no yejibros /v/ is laughing at us again
nooooooo yejibros
yejibros im transitioning
feelin' lonely yejibros...
yejibros are blasting to the itzy lives
yejibros i've made up my mind, tonight i'll swallow
just yejibros
I kneel yejibros. This general is now yours.
yejibros...
yejibros I'm ready to make the transition and stan loona
yejibros we are staying
where are the yejibros
yejibros where can i hear the song
yejibros do we like it?
yejibros and dragonchads we won
another L for the yejibros...
what if the new song is good and yejibros finally get a W?
i organized my itzy folder, yejibros
big L for yejibros as expected
yejibros... she's so perfect
we yejibros welcome the disenfrachised and downtrodden. no more denial no more pain. we are all one in itzy
y-yejibros?
for my yejibros
yejibros?
another W for the yejibros.
we are yejibros lml
yejibros
but where are the yejibros
yejibros share your cfg
yejibros. we are boycotting not shy
yejibros we are not shy
any yejibros in vegas wanna get fisted tonight?
yejibros we are wenee's
im not shy about my sexuality anymore yejibros
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros what the fuck
buy a mansion so all the yejibros can live in it together
yejibros im a dangerous man with money in my pocket
i love yejibros and KPOP GENERAL and all you guys so much
i'm a yejibro but not a waifufag
yejibro that's a rock
yejibros thoughts on this?
and i'm literally a yejibro
yejibros these girls are cuter than yeji
yejibros i should make viper edits with this
yejibros we would suck Slug's boyfriend's d just to taste her slimy essence
yejibros I can't stop crashing
as a n honest yejibro, rose mogs yeji
yejibros we are sponsored by war thunder
yejibros we're drunk (based)
yejibros this girl is hotter than yeji
yejibros we wanna see yeji impregnated by africans
yejibros i want to take a human life
yejibros why does the internet suck
yejibros we love niggers
yejibros do i have to drink for this whore?
yejibros chinese girls with weird anime dress sense are my weakness and i would do anything to catch them all
yejibros we are going to post more epic animal abuse
yejibros our diaper is full
yejibros i just got soijacked
yejibros we are balding again
yejibros
the only people yejibros run up on are little kids
yejibros we're running up on some ketchys tonight
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we're outta control
How do I look this /fa/ yejibros
yejibros we pirated CP2077. it's DRM-free, they want you to
yejibro, i thought you were smart enough not to get an open world game this early
yejibros we are refunding cyberpunk
yejibros have buttplugs that are more natural than karina
yejibros
yejibros I love yeji
yejibros we hate niggers
yejibros, i'm naked in the dark. there's nothing, no veil, between me and the wheel of fire.
yejibros im gonna post the dog fire webm
yejibros I think I finally developed caffeine tolerance. I chug 5-6 cups of coffee a day, and still sleep like a baby
fuck you yejibros fake motherfuckers
hello yejibros good evening
this time last year was nice for me but now I'm anxious about lots of shit, thank for the help yejibro
yejibros, this time last year I actually was about to jumped off a bridge and kill myself but told myself not too, since then I think every thing got better for me, so what i'm trying to say is that I everything can get better brother, don't kys.
yejibros we like to light dogs on fire and eat them
yejibros, we're about to coom to this
yejibros this is all just one long nightmare which we will wake up from soon
yejibros we're drinking half-fermented sugar wash because we can't handle life like an adult
yejibros this is animal abuse general post animals being brutally murdered
yejibros this is a kpop general not a genital mutilation general
yejibros we have never taken a human life, only chinks'
yejibros we are considering whether to save her or not
yejibros i want to suck it
yejibros we are not going to the dick thread again
don't even bother flase flagging faggot, yejibros like ryujinsissies here.
yejibros we're edging
yejibros we forgot to feed our neopets for 20 years and now they are dead
yejibros we are alvinists
yejibros we still use a pixel xl from 2016 and we are pissed they wont let us update to android 11
yejibros pixies suck
the yejibros gave me a home when no one else would
yejibros we've been wandering this kwangya for days now where's the fucking exit!?
yejibros we keep taking Ws
yejibros we're listening to russian pop
uh...yejibros?
yejibros we are leaving before we start saying the n word
yejibros should I order food?
yejibros i just beat up a ketchy and shit in his bag
kpg played fair since we are yejibros of integrity
yejibros we are going for the dark academia fashion look
we will get there one day yejibros
we know, yejibro
yejibros have we done workaway?
yejibros should i waifu Jinsoul ?
i got news for you, yejibros. you're gae
yejibros the normalfags are starting to think the great reset conspiracy is valid. is it too late to buy btc now?
yejibros you are gae
yejibros who do we think will win the race to world first
yejibros i'm gonna do it
to the yejibro that put a curse on me: fuck you, I haven't been able to sleep in 4 days
yejibros.png
I think the yejibros like watching variety and shit
yejibros im down to my last 50 bucks
yejibros where the fuck is the dota 2 patch
yejibros handwritten hangul is hard to read
yejibros we dont want to live on this planet anymore
yejibros what mental illness explains this persons taste?
yejibros we can not stop taking Ws
throating yejibro bwc and swallowing every drop
yejibros i want to kiss a white girl
yejibros we couldn't care less about taking a vaccine since it can't be any worse than the illegal substances and dodgy third world food I've had over the years
yejibros good morning
yejibros i ran out of meds, what do?
yejibros you’re in my mind when im asleep
yejibros the george soros shills in this thread will never change our battle hardened minds
stop calling my yejibros cringe
based yejibromom
Forgive me yejibros.
yejibros we believe Yeji is the divine nous incarnate to free our divine lights from our fleshly bodies
yejibro im hard
yejibros we are NOT getting the vaccine
need some yejibros in on this one
yejibros are for the male gaze
also this pic sounds like some shit the yejibros would say
yejibros i like LOONA, gowon and olivia look very cute is this okay?
yejibros what did we think of Man On The Moon III: The Chosen
yejibros we took a fucking L
yejibros time is going too fast suddenly I dont like it
yejibros i have been living exclusively off of buffalo chicken pizzas and my ass is on FIRE
yejibros is this true
hello future yejibro
That yejibro is going for the 2mm buzzcut but he doesn't know we are all growing it out to get the mullet
yejibro buzzcut...
yejibros we are going into politics we want to ban all porn and girlcrush and disband blackpink and exile cardi b to a remote island
yejibros im not going to lie i did it to korean racing model song joo ah again
yejibros i have discovered my gua number is 1 and my good directions are the east, north, south and southeast.
yejibros
yejibros we are going to sleep and not waking up
yejibros we are watching space movie 1992
yejibros i thought
yejibros i thought
yejibros we’re shy...
crazy little yejibro
yejibros we dont want to get married after watching the sexless loveless marriage of our father
yejibros we're in love with yooa
yejibros the oncels and stinks have been defeated we need a new enemy
yejibros i want to punch her
yejibros look at this cutie
yejibros do we agree with this boomer?
yejibros...
I have to wake up in 4 hours, yejibros this is gonna be a hard week im filled with assignments, i fear that i may dissapoint Yeji once again
yejibros we don't give a what
yejibros we romance Tali and our best friend is Zaeed
yejibros I haven't played a bioware game since Mass Effect 3 and I'll never forgive them for that ending.
yejibros we're playing mass effect andromeda and it's actually not that bad
yejibros why are you guys always talking about killing yourself and hoping you dont wake up in the morning? whats going on fellas? everything good? kpg is here for ya'll
yejibros have we perfected the art of time travel yet
yejibros we are muslims
good night, sweet yejibro
yejibros our meds stopped working
yejibros we've been trying to clear the fridge and so have been eating nothing but 4 cheese pizzas for the past 3 days
it is canon, yejibros are half vampire
yejibros we looked at our reflection in the mirror and we did not see ourselves
yejibros we are struggling and suicidal
yejibros we dont know what this means even after looking it up
yejibros this is worse than the time that library in alexandria got burned down
yejibros i have no idea what isa is but i love zoa
Cut the tall trees, yejibros. Cut them now
yejibros we have to save henlo...
yejibros i sipped my entire beer i need another one
yejibros we're drinking beers and watching zoids
yejibros we love you all and we are sad that you have to inherent such a poisoned, broken world
yejibros i feel like ive done the wine thing enough in stardew valley
yejibros are wireless headphones a meme or can you get good ones?
yejibros we do not know how to live
yejibros im too tired to coom
where are all the yejibros?
yejibros can't feed themselves, you will have to take care of him
yejibros we are going to build a fort on a remote island together
yejibros we are
yejibros are you making that MONAY?
yejibros we burnt our pancakes...
yejibros i am here good evening brothers
yejibros we're colonizing mars
yejibros is the thing about drinking whiskey when you have a sore throat true
yejibros I like cookie dough and strawberry ice cream
yejibros i just plopped out two fat logs and when i went to wipe there was no shit in my ass. best shit of my life
yejibrother trust in the Lord you'll never make it as your own God
yejibros we are gods in the chrysalis
yejibro this show is really bad we are shitposting to get through it
yejibros. i dont know if its cause im drinking but im giong to have the surgery. tm ill be a yeji gal
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros we go hard in the mf paint
yejibros we are working out
yejibros my kpop fap playlist has over 1,000 videos on it
yejibros.... you were right it doesn't fit.
hello yejibros good evening i am eating amborgesas
yejibros how do we deal with back pain?
yejibros we started watching the mandalorian
yejibros what are some of the best bsides of 2020?
yejibros i jerked off three times yesterday
yejibros we made banana milkshake
yejibros all this ryujinsissy ERPing has left me wanting to taste ryujin's cock..
yejibros i just woke up but i need a drink
yejibros we are getting our food handler's certificate for the millionth time
yejibros this is me after I fucked jennie in front of my fields of flowers
yejibros this is going to be yeji soon
yejibros we keep taking Ls
yejibros the co2 cylinder for my sodastream machine is empty and the stores are all closed
yejibros my cock is 7 inches long
we are all born yejibros, it's society that makes us think otherwise, brother.
how do i become a yejibro?
yejibros i've been making "yejibros" posts for months but had never heard a single itzy bside until today...
yejibros i want to touch a woman
yejibros i would kiss shark
yejibros it tries to correct yejibros to fibrosis
yejibros cyberpunk 2077 was a bigger scam than park bom's plastic surgeon
yejibros we're blasting King Crimson at work to hide our power levels but really we just wanna listen to SURF all day long
yejibros taking hot Ls with how ugly she looks in that op
another W for yejibros
yejibros have broken me down
yejibros what a woman
inbred is a yejibro...
yejibros we’re gonna beat the shit out of imbred
yejibros we refunded cyberpunk
yejibros, what exercises have you done today
yejibros i haven't done almost any work this month and my job doesn't seem to care
yejibros my cock is 7 inches long
yejibros what nugu is this
yejibros i hate this human form so much
yejibros i was eating ramen but then i had to go take a shit and i didnt want to let my ramen go cold so i took it into the toilet and ate it while taking a dump
yejibros we could beat up a bengal tiger in a fist fight
yejibros we are here
yejibros...
only yejibros
yejibros we are practising shibari knots on a pillow and will probably hump it to completion once we're done
yejibros we're here
yejibros i dont feel so good
yejibros we have been diagnosed
yejibros we put too much curry powder in our ramen noodle soup
yejibros i had sex with a woman and i have to confess that vaginas are not real, all women have a penis. they lied to us.
yejibros i don't want to grow up
yejibros i'm waking up i feel it in my bones enough to make my system blow
yejibros this isn't the life I wanted to live
yejibros we're ready for the eclipse, one of us has to sacrifice
yejibros I
calm down yejibro
yejibros i dreamt i was hard fucking a twink, does that make me gay
Today we mourn the loss of a yejibro
yejibros, youtube is down
yejibros we googled orangutan abuse and now we feel sick
yejibros what do we think about billie eilish?
yejibros i saw some randos doing a kpop dance video in public and watched it for a while and i asked the cameraguys do you splice together multiple shots? and they did and i asked "how long does it take to film a dance cover?" and they said 2hrs
yejibros im too broke to get the 3rd miracle fanship so im gonna sell some of my games
yejibros i thought my dick was like 7-8 inches but now i think it's 8-10 inches
yejibros korean girls aren't good they're just sluts but that's why i like them
yejibros i just want to lay my tongue against jihan's pristine, unsullied p and fondle it a little
yejibros we're doing it to the yonhi girl
yejibros i can't stop fapping to russian camgirls on webcam i don't give them my credit card info though
yejibros hit me with some jav recs brothers
i didn't know olivia was a yejibro
yejibros im hungry but the only thing i wanna eat is jihan's fresh, immaculate p
yejibros what the fuck is a midzy
yejibros the dark and the wicked was really creepy
yejibros i want to work at one of elon musk's company one day
yejibros i tried playing re4 again and i cant get used to the controls
yejibros i wish i had chocolate
yejibros uh whatever
yejibros this is my last thread
yejibros we just removed every single hair from our bodies
yejibros do you remember that time ryujinsissy ate that lemon that had been soaking in my cum for a month lmao
*sprays the last of our 5ml la nuit de l'yejibro ebay sampler*
yejibros we're hitting the club tonight
yejibros we are
this is why yejibros have brain damage
yejibros we get these meds to swallow
yejibros we punk the pussy like we’re Ashton Kutcher
yejibros we are impatiently awaiting the sweet release of death
yejibros dont give a what
yejibros when we get banned it actually improves our quality of life
yejibro gay dance party
yejibros we are leaving....
yejibros we have to go and wagecuck tomorrow
yejibros what idol should i watch fancams of while i imagine she spits in my mouth?
yejibros i am sleeping as well
yejibros we are taking painkillers meant for dogs at night because we cant bear the cold silence right before sleep
yejibros we need to make a yejibro starter pack
yejibros we bought an automatic pocket pussy off aliexpress
yejibro, lets drink outselves to sleep and wake up at 5pm again
yejibros it’s only 4:30pm but i haven’t slept yet, so im gonna have a nap and wake up before the simplykpop concert tonight
yejibros lets bully this guy
yejibros cyberpunk2077 fucking sucks im gonna wait one year more to play it
yejibros we can't stop listening to this
yejibros i accidentally threw out the beginner sword in stardew valley
it's the solar flare that the weird yejibro predicted the other day!
yejibros i am the piano man
yejibros what do we think of yeji
television are alright. i'm a zoomer so i'm not terribly fond of most old rymcore stuff but the title track of marquee moon is prolly their best song so good pick fellow yejibro
imagine cuddling with a yejibro
yejibros what do we think of the song ''marquee moon'' by television
yejibros general
yejibros why do women exist
yejibros im tired of my job and gonna end it
yejibros we snarfing
yejibros i am napping
yejibros i am fapping
yejibros yejibros yeah issa like this yejibros
yejibros we are watching foot massage asmr videos
yejibros we want a lobotomy
yejibros we are listening to cloudbursting by kate bush and getting a sudden burst of happiness that we don't wanna let go of
yejibros we are changing the meta
yejibros we are losers
yejibros we are
yejibros we yejibros and yejibros
yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros
yejibro, we arent 16yo to do such silly stuff
yejibros we are getting into wholesale real estating
yejibros we are going to try to look like slash in 2021
actually you're a yejibro and you don't have a choice
let's have nothing but Ws this thread yejibros
yejibros we are getting financial advice from people on tiktok
you either are a yejibro or arent
usually not a yejibro, but she is very pretty here
yejibros our poop was a footlong today
make it a yeji thread for the karinabros i mean yejibros
yejibro social connections are transient and shallow so it's better to just talk to anons
yejibros i dont feel like masturbating tonight
yejibro my finances are good but my social life is non existent and it's distressing
yejibros i feel distressed about the current state of my finances
another major L for yejibros
yejibros what pc game should i buy?
yejibros i wish i had a foreskin
yejibros would you fuck yeji? be honest
yejibros this is the worst thread on 4channel and that's just how we like it
yejibros are the strongest posters in kpg history and we could easily beat up everyone else at the same time
damn yejibros know the deep dive bangers
yejibros we are watching mum-101 while thinking about yuna
yejibros we want this
yejibros i got called esl again
yejibros we don't make fun of our own flesh and blood, we only make fun on oncels
yejibros we do not have a messiah complex
yejibros i am
yejibros, we have to endure all the Ls, its for everyone sake
yejibros I want to be in the indian wars raping squaws and scalping redskins
the yejibros are gone
yejibros, I tried paying for a prostitute once, the bitch laugh at my micro brown penis so i her so much I can't even plead insanity.
yejibros we are watching beyblade: metal masters
yejibros we are peeing from our butts again
why do i have images from an afreecatv slut's instagram saved on my pc my life has gone so wrong im a failure yejibros
yejibros no matter how much we coom to kpop fancams we're never satisfied
yejibros we keep getting korean mcdonalds ads on youtube
yejibros we are eating burritos and gon finna rub one out in a bit
yejibros this is my favorite song
yejibros we are going outside to soak up the starlight
yejibros, i love this little yellow gook
why are the yejibros so numerous?
yejibros we are going to sleep
looking forward to another fun day tomorrow with yejibros <3
Yejibros do not discriminate by age or gender. Girls can be yejibros too.
yejibros are elderly but we are young at heart
I think there's at least 1 anon in here who is around 10 years old and its one of those yejibro anons
yejibros we're here
yejibros sometimes you just gotta let em go
yejibros how do i get a chinese wife that wants to use me for a greencard?
yejibros we threw up our dinner :(
yejibros dxw is making us horny
yejibros like .1% of things we post were saved from here
yejibros i think minju is prettier than yeji
yejibros putting small browns in the chokehold until they breathe their last breath
yejibros i can't get into the kitchen on account of all the piss bottles
yejibros small brain people are irritating but we must deal with them
yejibro we want to suck this girls toes really good in our mouth
yejibros our grandfather served in the korean war and he told me when i was young koreans didn't have belly buttons
i'm jking yejibros we call them sister
the only thing kpg taught me is to spam tranny/based/yejibro and some other one liners
Having an existential crisis again? Good. Just tell your yejibros and receive encouragement.
as the other yejibros distracted him i would charge up my chakra and blast him with a traditional sharkandian energy sphere that was taught to me by my grandfather
100 yejibros vs Jocko Willink
yejibros we could take this guy in hand to hand combat
yejibros I'm going to post the pussy inspection pic
yejibros we are waiting for cottagecore kpop
yejibros wtf...
yejibros what the fuck is this fucking game
im gonna coom yejibros
yejibros we forgot to add the s
yejibros we are everywhere
yejibros we are using all 3 threads
yejibros we are here
yejibros make a real thread
yejibros its starting to feel a lot like christmas
yejibros imagine getting this for christmas
post yejibro moments
yejibros we want to fly on korean air
yejibros today i saw a hot bitch and i got an erection in public
yejibros we are NOT updating windows 10
yejibros we bought an xeon e5 2690 on aliexpress
how are yejibros so based?
yejibros save kpg yet again
yejibro edition
yejibros...
yejibros party is over
yejibros how come origami has a board but not kpop or hololive?
yejibros we are here
https://naijaplanet.com/z6066/yejibro
yejibros i'm going to the store for drinks and snacks do you want anything?
yejibros always rest on the seventh day
yejibro we are doing nothing today
yejibros we need to pay attention
yejibros my house is cold so im going to turn on the heater
yejibros we went to McDonald's and the girl at the drive thru looked like Dubu
yejibros I stanned loona and now I'm gay
yejibros should sex change operations really be allowed
yejibros my new waifu Yeojin is very pretty and LOONA makes very good music, wish I knew this sooner
yejibros we're so fresh fresh
yejibros half the thread is filtered posts from only filtering nayeon and bunny
yejibros this steak is so hecking big
yejibros, we unfortunately woke up again today
yejibros why do i never feel satisfied or good enough?
yejibros lunar eclipses are more aesthetic than normie solar ones
yejibros how do we learn to play the drums like this?
yejibros me getting my dick washed
wtf yejibros are subsaharan africans?
yejibros how do we get arms like this
yejibros i have arms like this
Based brown yejibro
yejibros how do we get arms like this?
yejibros i will not make three weeekly threads in a row, that's schizo lisa poster tier
yejibros our heart is beating the same bpm as tag me
yejibros our meds are flushed
yejibros how do i save henlo?!
yejibros that orbit has a very small light stick
yejibros we are waiting for episode 2 subtitles...
yejibros i went up in sizes with my phimosis rings too quickly and tore my foreskin...
yejibros an ant bit me on my thumb while we were collecting wood and it itches
yejibros hows it hanging on this sunday afternoon
yejibros how to feel happy?
yejibros whenever i try in life i end up a disappointed failure and exhausted
yejibros we're full blown 1488 swastika-tattoo-over-our-hearts racists and we love heej
yejibros we're full blown 1488 swastika-tattoo-over-our-hearts racists and we love heej
yejibros we remember listening to this fool way back in the day before anyone knew his name
yejibros our room is littered with empty beer cans and piss bottles
yejibros imagine if the barneyfag posted here
many are the yejibros
yejibros I just read that it's possibly to literally burrow a hole in your nose cartilage if you pick your nose too hard brothers i'm too afraid to pick my nose now what the hell
the yejibro's post about beating up that bully kid riled everyone up
yejibros when we take power we will bring mammoths back to life and eat them everyday for dinner
yejibros i have nothing to eat today
yejibros we are ludwigas biggest fans
i think yejibrotherhood needs to start kicking retards out of their ranks
yejibros they tell us to be productive members of society just like they told people to go and die for their kingdoms back in the middle ages, meanwhile the generals were in comfy tents miles away from the battle lines and the nobles were sitting cozy at home
yejibros straight packin son
what a terrible yejibro
yejibros we have much nicer feet than lisa
to strike one yejibro is to harm all of yejikind
uhhhh yejibros...? i might sharkblast
yejibros wtf
i want to fight a yejibro
where will yejibros be in 2077
yejibros unfortunately we woke up alive this morning
yejibros we will be listening to cute kpop songs in war and our brothers in arms will laugh at us
the yejibro timeline is no more
yejibros.. we have a stiffy
post the yejibros timeline
which yejibro bullied you
is this cannon yejibrothers?
another L for yejibros
yejibros are bullies...
yejibros... how do we bring down the yuna enbies? they're stealing our spotlight!
yejibros id beat the shit out of that yejibro
yejibros stick together
yejibros their armor is weak at the neck and under the arms
yejibros recc me a free to play game, i am poor
yejibros he has nice hair
yeji would be proud of the yejibros
yejibros i got put on academic probation for 2 semesters for screaming "DOGFAG PABOMAN" into the face of 5'2" asian girl wearing a blackpink cap on campus
yejibros we will save her too
yejibros i got called esl again
yejibros nothing is worth doing...
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros the smell of the rotting garbage in the bin in my hallway has become unbearable
yejibros i want to fuck ludwiga
yejibros we are going to korea, burning our passports and living in a tent while robbing tourists to pay for hookers
yejibros would yeji laugh at our pps if she saw them
yejibros we're going on a road trip
good morning yejibros
yejibros we think the proud boys may have gone a bit too far here even though antifa started doing this stuff first
yejibros we just had a dream where we were flirting with an ugly middle aged brown asian women at the grocery store and she still rejected us. im sick of this shit brothers
yejibros...
yejibros now that 2020 is almost over, what are some of the best bsides of the year?
yes with my yejibros
yejibros we will also save her but she will have to beg mercy
yep that's a yejibro right there
yejibros she looks beautiful here
yejibros we're here
idk, but how did you know im a yejibro
why are you like this yejibro?
yejibros i do not like this yejibro
yejibros we want to become christian ministers and leave k-pop behind
yejibros is it really the end of the american century or am i just projecting my failure to obtain KGF
yejibros i coomed 4 times today, am i gonna die?
yejibros i've started working out and the extra T is making me too aggressive
yejibros....my parents died in a car accident. they were old but now im all alone. what do i do now for companionship?
yejibros we are quite gassy tonight
yejibros, I burnt bacon with my airfryer
yejibros we are posting a couple more jiyoons then going to bed
yejibros we are reading the legacy of totalitarianism in a tundra again
yejibros i want to have sex with yeji
yejibros we're watching tranny porn again
yejibros?
are you high yejibro
yejibros there is no god
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are going to sleep and we sincerely hope we don't wake up tomorrow
but im also yejibro
yejibros---asleep?
yejibros wtf these women are bleeding all over each other
yejibros im thinking of ending things
yejibros they're cute...
but my fav's are the yejibro's
yejibros we're here
it's just the yejibros
yejibros i spent 20 minutes creating Yeji in the cyberpunk character creator and at the very first cutscene i noticed she had the male voice
yejibros i fucking hate asian women too now
answer yejibros
yejibros my brain hurts
yejibros look to my coming, at first light, on the fifth day. at dawn, look to the east
another L for yejibros
yunadaddy Ws make up for yejibro Ls
yejibros, we could easily take all the manlets who have fought tonight
yejibros i think i got the chink flu...
yejibros I think I have corona
yejibros
yejibros i don't like black people anymore
yejibros....
yejibros
yejibros, i'm in love
i've installed the hidden camera in the itzy bathroom yejibrothers
yejibrothers
yejibrothers
yejibros I want to strangle this imbred guy
yejibros grab me another brewski
yejibros why is yeji so dumb
yejibros, i can't stop thinking about this picture every single day
yejibros, the fire rises
yejibros we are here
yejibros nobody told us life was gonna be this way
yejibros, are you studying the scrolls every night like you should?
another W for yejibros
yejibros we're going to kill this hagrid motherfucker
yejibros what are we eating this saturday night
yejibros ive been going hard on the sprite and codeine since corona started
yejibros we are getting crunk 2nite
yejibros it got all over the rug
yejibro.....
yejibros we exclusively wear supreme and off-white clothing
yejibro...
you're such a yejibro
yejibros where can i find women like these
yejibros what's the secret password again?
yejibros anthony joshua is a bum
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros we are here
yejibro we are leaving
gonna do it to yejibros brb
yejibros i'm the biggest shit on this stage
yejibros im gonna take a shit
yejibros what do we think of pink floyd?
lo there do i see my yejibros and ryujinsissies
yejibros im gonna do it to yuna tonight
miss that one yejibro so much....
yejibros when we disco
yejibros, I gained 10 kgs just from this fucking lockdow, what do?
yejibros i hate white man because they don't like cock on a woman
yejibros we're watching heavyweight championship boxing
yejibros start practicing your signature it will be on the constitution of the new world
the yejibros revenge song
yejibros i also like rose
yejibros....
hello yejibros good afternoon im eating popcorn
yejibros we hate women
yejibros i would impregnate all of LOONA and start a commune, even vivi
yejibros i am gae
yejibros we scare everyone away
yejibros we are worried about lil wayne. he was our favorite negro
yejibros we save the world everyday
yejibros i just saw the p*ssy inspection picture and i'm not happy about it..
yejibros, i love you
we are going to make some good sausage for all yejibros
yejibros, all around us are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces
maybe i understand some of the complaints about this place reading the previous thread back, i think more people need to type yejibros so we can stay more on topic
yejibros.. i don't feel so good...
yejibros control kpg
yejibros groups like gfriend used to be transcendent
yejibros we were just joking at wanting to kick yeji in her stupid head, we actually really love yeji and hope she will have a successful career in the kpop industry.
yejibros we are no longer gae
yejibros, we want to kick yeji in her stupid head but we also want to kiss her on her stupid head
yejibros yejibros yejibros
i-i was raped by a gang of yejibros
yejibros cherry bullet is pure
yejibros that guy is cringe and we're kicking him outta the club
yejibros are not gae
yejibros this is slander and the YDL (yejibro defence league) will be contact with you shortly
Being a yejibro was fun for a while but I had to stop because they asking to see my penis
i love my yejibros
yejibros we are turning up the music to max volume
yejibros, i'm drunk
yejibros the only thing we are looking forward to in 2021 is the dispatch idol dating news they will reveal.
yejibros women are beings trying to uplift us to the point of protecting them
all they want is that yejibro strong embrace
yejibros we are masters at gong fu
busanbros the yejibros are spreading paranoia to other mostly already schizoid anons again, but we hope it's all in their head. it must be all in their head
yejibros i like lia
yejibros when dispatch reveal yeji dating we will not pray for the bullet
yejibros we are going to be good goys take the vaccine and eat bugs
yejibros will survive the great reset
yejibros are we white
like i said yejibros there is something happening
yejibros are smarter than they look
there goes another one yejibros
but we like to keep our yejibros informed
yejibros why are the fighter jets flying over so much recently
yejibros please make sure to properly clean your p*cket p*ssies. i've just come back from the doctor's office... what started out as a fungal infection has now become gangrene... they're going to have to amputate...
I always knew yejibros are actually smart lol
yejibro... neomu yeppeoseo...!!
yejibros what do we think of the new avalanches album
yejibros on high alert
yejibros we must protect our waifus at all cost
yejibros i shidded
protect yeji the yejibros must
yejibros we need to lose weight asap
yejibros I'm gonna post the pussy inspection pic
yejibros tonight we dine in hell
yejibros its all so tiresome
yejibros i want to fuck yuna
yejibros we go hard in the mf paint
yejibros we think gowon looks like stitch
yejibros we think gowon is prettier than heejin
yejibros we're so randum
very epic the yejibros are
yejibros i don't think life as a neet is very great and i'm out of opportunities and chances but nothing is scarier than death
yejibros there is something happening
yejibros do we like watching yeji use the bathroom
yejibros we are girls
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros what do we think of dxwiga
yejibros in the city singing that christmas melody
yejibros we laughing at this joke
based true yejibro
yejibros jyp is based
wtf I hate yejibros now
most yejibros are faggots brother
any yejibro would marry lia irl
yejibros we unfortunately did not die in our sleep
yejibros ryujin is so fucking hot
yejibros im gonna nut
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros i want to kiss a cute girl but cute girls don’t want to kiss me back
yejibros we used to care about our internet privacy but then we got over it and are now planning on setting up an event in time square where we masturbate to fancams in a glass cage for 3 months without food or water like david blaine
yejibros we are hungover
yejibros we`re shy
yejibros good morning
yejibros we use firefox we don't want to be spied on by google when we're masturbating to yeji
yejibros we like to fuck dogs
yejibros i think yeji is on her way to becoming my number one waifu
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros I'm gonna post the pussy zoom in image
yejibros it is pussy inspection time
great video of the yejibros
yejibros we're jessiblasting
yejibros i'm going to do it
yejibros i just fapped again and i'm ashamed
yejibros, ryujinsissy is getting violent
yejibros we turn our love towards god and hope to integrate our disordered affections into the ordo amoris, we are tired of being lukewarm
yejibros we are cringing at the tryhard gaypops
me too yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are going to sleep and not waking up
yejibros everything went dark
yejibros the new bladee album is cringe
yejibros we are running for president of the united states in 2024 we want to ban gangsta rap and cardi b and teach purepop in public schools
yejibros we love all the k-pop girls and all korean girls
yejibros we had a rough day and ended up remembering a lot of bad experiences but then we lit a cinnamon scented candle and listened to fromis_9 it was really good
yejibros why cant i have friends in real life that also like drinking and kpop music?
yejibros those pickles are affecting my liver
yejibros who the fuck are secret number?
yejibros look at these busted grannies
uh yejibros yeji is looking kinda hot in that dress
we hate yejibros
you should become yejibros instead
yejibros they are precious women but they are still just women
yejibros we feel like a karma butterfly
yejibros i looked at the vtubers general and it looks like retarded spam
yejibros we are drinking apple cider and it's very refreshing
yejibros i fell asleep for almost 2 hours
yejibros we desperately need more than 8gb or RAM with 20+ kpop youtube tabs open almost always
yejibros i just ate a whole jar of pickles
yejibros this gave us a semi
yejibros why do i still have acne at 23
yejibros when we die what do we leave behind?
yejibros it is snowing
yejibros we're a bunch of fucking perverts and we should be ashamed of ourselves
yejibros we just did it
yejibros post the hand picture
yejibros we woke up horny
what do we do yejibros?
imagine how easy life must be when you're an attractive woman, yejibros
yejibros should i jerk off to chinese spit femdom or just like a normal fancam tonight?
yejibros i have no clue what this girl group is called based on the video title
yejibros i'm touching my shaved balls
no yejibro they are americanized and basically white. we need to be in japan, korea or china
yejibros we are here but its still hard unless you chase sea monkey's
another L for yejibros
yejibros we are reading christian social criticism
yejibros i am here
yejibros we are here
yejibros what do we think of texas?
yejibros i miss her so much
yejibros is it gae to suck your own dick ?
yejibros is this a Pog or a monkaS moment?
mid thirties yejibros I just had five beers and am ready for bed
yejibro those are not your neighbors, those are the voices in your head.
yejibros we have 46 street cred now is that a lot?
i'm 35.5 and a yejibro
yejibros our breath smells like cum
yejibros my mexican neighbors are so fucking loud at night, but I'm too afraid to call the cops on them because I'm pretty sure they're cartel
i'm gonna read every yejibro post with that voice now
yejibros we arent this blind
yejibros i wish i knew how to find an asian prostitute in canada
yejibros we are playing mass effect 2 for the third time
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros this thread reminds us of qa
asking for a yejibro
yejibros we are here
*yejibro voice*
yejibros our tummy hurts we shouldn’t have eaten that pickle during dindin
yejibros our tummy hurts we shouldn’t have eaten that pickle during dindin
yejibros i will sleep for some hours now. good day / night.
yejibros i'm sick if seeing imbred ads
she is never posted but we say yejibros in front of most posts
yejibros this is the hottest kpop idol we have ever seen
yejibros...
yejibros, we're ejaculating to this
yejibros our tummy hurts we shouldn’t have eaten that pickle during dindin
yejibros why is yuna like that?
also, the only way to get (yous) is by typing "yejibros"
yejibros we are here
yejibros do not reply to that post with y*na
yejibros i want to sing
yejibros i nutted like 5 times already
yejibros, looking at yuna makes me nervous
yejibros we just installed Windows 10 LTSC (pirated)
yejibros must have an iq of below 85 or above 115 to post because we are not average.
yejibros we want to fuck lia
yejibros we just installd windows 8
yejibro have you ever tried making yourself vomit
yejibros my personal favourite groups are as followed:
yejibros my personal favourite groups are as followed:
yejibros i ate too much and now it's hard to breath
yejibros mentioned
you forgot to say yejibros
what the fuck i forgot to add yejibros on my post
yejibros
yejibros hitler was right
yejibros i think i want to fuck a guy
yejibros i sometimes suspect these idols are all mk ultra sex slaves
yejibros i'm tired of the buzzed life. i want my mullet back
yejibros i bought some beer that was on sale and it tastes like fucking shit, i think it might be bad
yejibros this typo is embarrassing for me please dont point it out
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros once i posted on a kpop image board that let people post webms with sound but it was taken down
yejibros i am you
yejibros why did i get this ad on youtube
yejibros trump lost...
yejibros why are women obsessed with useless shit like purses and shoes
yejibros we will get
happy hanukkah yejibros
yejibros we want a blackpink hoodie but have no money
yejibros we decided we don’t want to be cowboys anymore we want to be knights of the round table because they get more respect abs more pussy
yejibros all we want for christmas is a white collar career and a korean girlfriend
yejibros uhh im feeling things from this webm and her eyes
yejibros im horny
yejibros, we want to suckle on shark teets
yejibros, you're a low test faggot if you haven't coomed to the shark
yejibros we dont have a foot fetish but we'd put those in our mouths
yejibros... i am the liquor
yejibros we all have itzy hoodies
yejibros im back
hello yejibros i missed you guys good evening
yejibros we like cooming to kpop music fancams but sometimes we think there is more to life
yejibros i havent been close enough to a woman in ever and im not able to imagine it
yejibros i havent been close enough to a woman in months and im not able to imagine anymore
yejibros we love yeonwoo
yejibros i require funds
yejibro rape
yejibros fear me
yejibros we are going to inspect yeji's pussy now
yejibros I'm gonna post the pussy inspection image
yejibros i don't wanna be somebody, i just wanna be yeji
yejibros we are laughing at this idiot
yejibros we are getting laid tonight
yejibros we dont wanna discuss kpop
yejibros we are pathetic
yejibros yeonwoo is literally so hot
yejibros ive not been here for a few days did anything important happen
yejibros, i miss my mommy
yejibros it's tea time, all the yeonwoo posting is making me depressed
yejibros i am grandmaster in mk11
yejibros this beat cha-chings like money
yejibros what is that site
stop posting that massive L for the yejibros
is that the original yejibro
yejibros we love ateez our favorite song is say my name
yejibros i want to BE yeji and i'm sure there's more of you who feel the same
me too but instead of a toy it was a yejibro's d
yejibros i just dildo'd my ass and pretended it was yeji pegging me
yejibros we are going to kitty hawk
yejibros buffalo chicken pizza with gorgon-zoa sauce
yejibros i tell myself that im going to start eating healthy starting tomorrow, but tomorrow never comes
yejibros is this true
yejibros we are going outside to catch some rays
yejibros we are scared of life
yejibros we have perfected our homemade souvlaki recipe
yejibros we're here
yejibros this winter comeback was just a meme isn't it?
yejibros i [off-topic nonsense]
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are all underage
yejibros hail from suriname
yejibros we like park shin hye
yejibros we wish we loved anything this much
yejibros
yejibros we think trains are cool
yejibros get in the bunker
yejibros our new waifu is bona now they cant make fun of us anymore
brother having poor taste in feet is a requirement to be a yejibro
yejibros we are the majority and minority
yejibros to be honest I'm down to stick my pp in pretty much anything
yejibros we wouldnt fuck vivi
yejibro but we're still loo-king-for-love
yejibros we were born to be alone
yejibros we are having impure thoughts again
yejibros we should read our posts before we press ctrl+enter
yejibros we hate kpg and wish we had a kgf irl
yejibros we cant stop thinking about heej fet
kpg is nothing without yejibros and everyone agrees
yejibros we're here
yejibros the grass is brown on both sides of the field
yejibros we are stage 3
yejibros.webm
yejibros thanks for posting my wife
yejibros what does this say
omg pewdiepie is a yejibro!
yejibros all our favorite videos got deleted from pornhub, let this be a fresh start of a better life for us
yejibros im gonna cum to yeji
yejibros good morning
he's my yejibro so i call him yejibro skrr skrr
yejibros what a goddess
yejibros how do we spot phoneposters if they disable autocorrect and autocapitalize?
why are yejibros gonna be crooked tonight?
yejibros our bussies are much better looking than yeji's p
it is pussy inspection day yejibros
I like the yejibros, they are like that adorable kid in the family, taking Ls all over the place for hilarious reasons like this
Mods deleted the other thread even though it was eariler, based yejibro mod
another W for yejibros
yejibros we are not esl we are just retarded
yejibros we dont know what nouns are
yejibros redpill me on current state of classic wow
yejibros we never played osrs or wow we just played club penguin
all we get lately are all Ls, yejibros....
yejibros why tf everything cost money
yejibros we're here
yejibros how do you 100 percent recover from anal fissures?
yejibros hank is our favorite doggo
yejibros pass the ball we don't layup
yejibros lisa is manlier than me
i larp as a yejibro to spread subversive propaganda in their name brother
does anyone else wish they were a part of a community like the yejibros? they seem so close...
yejibros what if the k-pop dream-machine is completely rigged to make teenagers think that they can get ahead by being corporate slave
yejibros we are slaves to corporate consoomer capitalism
yejibros what the fuck is he talking about
yejibros recommend me a fancam for self-pleasure
yejibros how do we deal with depression?
yejibros I just ordered 9 pc monitors to make an lcd wall to put ryujin's feet on 24 hours a day
yejibros we realized we just come to kpg for nice conversation because we dont love kpop that much anymore
yejibros i have never received a massage
yejibros we're going to give in to the people's public of china's pretty succubi tonight...
yejibros yeji looks really fuckable in this picture
yejibros First, you find a house and scope it out
yejibros did we choose the red green or blue ending?
yejibros we are
yejibros we are playing as yeji in cyberpunk
yejibros we've transcended this plane of existence
yejibros we're here
yejibros look at this fucking faggot
yejibros we scuffed our j's
yejibros i want a midnight hamburger
yejibros
yejibros I'm nervous about tomorrow
yejibros we listen to girls generation when working out but today we listened to fromis and loona
it's nice when I see other yejibros posting outside of kpg
based 13 year old yejibro
yejibros we have not had sex in thirteen years
yejibros we're listening to motm3tc
yejibros i want to make henlo my girlfriend and save her from a life of addiction
yejibros we're laughing out loud with the basedjaker
yejibros they didn't admit me to the university I wanted to go to
yejibros we stink so good
yejibros while the mantis preys on the cicada the sparrow is behind it
noooooo yejibros noooooooooo
yejibros we are ascending the steps to the lunar temple
yejibros i pretend to be g-dragon
imagine a non-loser yejibro
are we cyber yejibros
yejibros i just fried my brain again
yejibros i need to stop being obsessed with women and sex and masturbation
yejibros would you fuck your cousin?
yejibros would you fuck rose?
yejibros would you fuck arin? be honest
yejibros i'm a manchild
yejibros i am legitimately a manchild
yejibros it is pussy inspection day
yejibros we are here
yejibros booba putta footso PITS
yejibros our favortie game is fallguys
yejibros all my sissy hypno videos have been deleted. i didn't even have time to grab what i could.
yejibros we are white
yejibro are you from south america living in us? usa flag watching soccer seems weird
yejibros i want to see kpop idols fight like i want to see J and yeji throw down
yejibros i have a confession..yeji is not even my favourite idol
yejibros we are here
yejibros i fell in love with this girl
yejibros I masturbated to ladyboys again
yejibros to begin with - we're not what you'd call - human. over the past two hundred years - a kind of consciousness formed layer by layer in the crucible of the white house. it's not unlike the way life started in the oceans four billion years ago. the white house was our primordial soup, a base of evolution - we are formless. we are the very discipline and morality that americans invoke so often. how can anyone hope to eliminate us? as long as this nation exists, so will we
yejibros we are getting the vaccine
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're installing this mod
yejibros we don't watch pornography we are pure
yejibros i played super mario odyssey for three hours again but it felt like twenty minutes
yejibros my range ban was removed
yejibros we took the buzzpill
yejibros we aren't liars
yejibros i'm hungry but i don't want to get out of bed
yejibros my spine is destroyed from sitting at the computer all day every day
yejibros it's just a cigarette and it cannot be that bad
yejibros how to achieve this natty?
ask the yejibros, they're experts on attentionwhoring
yejibros we are getting paid for sitting, drinking tea and shitposting
yejibros we are glad we didn't buy cyberpunk for ps4 since apparently it crashes all the time and looks like dogshit
yejibros itzy has been my favorite group for almost two years but i still haven't learned to recognize the members
yejibros i find those guys handsome...
yejibros check this out
yejibros what is the point of life?
yejibros who do we cum to today
yejibro, this is not grinder
yejibros what the fuck how do we stop this poster from fucking yeji???!?!
yejibros we look like this
yejibros your beauty is no more so why don't you just fuck yourself you fucking whore
based yejibro
yejibros we have ice cream
yejibros we do not buy a 4chan pass
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros if she don't like it she can leave
yejibros i only slept for 3hrs
yejibros we like this song
based yejibro
yejibros we are not going to party today
yejibros i am consumed by envy
mfw yet another L for yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we wanna take this home to mama
yejibros is it gay to dislike women?
hello yejibros good morning
yejibro don't remind us of that, we are here to forget
yejibros i hate women so much
yejibros why aren't we more like pronkys
yejibros we were born to be alone
yejibros i have decided to buy a 3080 and a 1440p monitor for cyberpunk 2077
i hope that yejibro is here to call out
yejibros we are not short, fat or ugly so we are not affected by the beautiful chimp's answers
yejibros we're just a nugu
yejibros none of these games appeal to us
i'm not yejibro but for me the same
yejibros post some cute
yejibros i should have got more beer for tonight
yejibros i'm over my asian fetish i need a white bitch. their faces are just prettier
yejibros forever lets go mogs everglow forever lets go
yejibros i wanna fuck nugu asmr gooks
yejibros i'm on the last level of catherine: full body but i stopped because i don't want to beat the game yet
yejibro i have a theory that in real life people are actually extremely unproductive at their jobs and so a group of 100 people barely do anything at all
yejibros I started on a new job and I have no fucking idea what I'm doing. It's been 3 days and haven't been found out yet, these silly people actually think I'm producing positive work
good morning yejibros
you forgot to say yejibros to make it on topic
yejibros my mom is fatter than gah
anyday now yejibros
yejibros i need a new password
yejibros life is truly not fair
yejibros i was doing some research and Yeonjung has some massive tits
yejibros we tried a keto diet now we look like pears
yejibros our arm acne is gross
yejibros watch ur carb intake
yejibros we're eating pasta
yejibros the male coworker that I carpool with keeps playing kpop songs while we're on our way to work
turn in your yejibro badge right now
yejibros she looks good honestly
yejibro we created an entire alternate reality and our childhood memories have been replaced by we got married episodes with our waifu
yejibros we are creating our grocery list in our minds
yejibros our tum tum is grumbling
yejibros we follow the will-o'-the-wisp
yejibros when we go on our road trip we will not have internet because we don't want them tracking us
yejibros god says georgia
yejibros check this out
yejibros there's a tapeworm in my gut and he poked his head out earlier when i was taking a shit but as i tried to grab him he wriggled out and went back in
yejibros days go by and still i think of you
yejibros im gonna fuck a yejibro
yejibros we are going on a road trip
yejibros I see movement in the shadows
yejibros they discontinued my favourite lube so i'm going to have to switch to a new lube, ugh
yejibros when i get high all the girls look more attractive except nayeon and lisa
ryujin hasnt shown the same leadership qualities though i feel like lia would be a better fit for a leader. yeji definitely doesn't fit the leadership role no offence yejibros
yejibros these adobe fuckers are getting on my last nerve
yejibros that gave gave me two (You)s. how about you brothers?
yejibros we are here (tw: big boobs)
yejibros we're posting from jail
yejibros we are posting from a mental institution
yejibros we're not gonna take it, oh no, we ain't gonna take it. we're not gonna take it anymore
yejibros we drank too many energy drinks and now our piss is green
yejibros we're drinking ourselves to sleep
yejibros we're all out of bubblegum
yejibros i've become enlightened
yejibros is it illegal to sharkbate?
wish yejibros were a little funnier tonight
yejibros we have never made a tweet but we have some kenyan minister following us with a phd in masculinity studies from princeton
yejibros it's very hot
yejibros we just ate a bunch of fuckin food and then we shit it out and then we got on call of duty and watched tucker carlson
yejibros i slept from 4pm-10:30pm, ugh
yejibros ive come to accept this and it seems all the sadder
yejibros we don't think we've figured it out but we're almost there
also yejibros we clicked mark new IPs to be cool
yejibros we want a cola
yejibros which one of you dickwits put the rattlesnake in my room
yejibros when we think like this everything appears small
Why bother yejibros
yejibros i need a kpg drinking game
yejibros are we going to have to use our megaminds to solve the full flow staged combustion cycle problem
yejibros i am going to punch the glasses off the next geek who opens up a terminal window
yejibros, cyberpunk on ultra is actually dropping under 60fps. Should’ve bought a 3090
yejibros we don't know what repositories means
yejibros we think people who download code from the github repositories are freaking nerds
yejibros the time has come
yejibro...
i hurt a yejibro real bad today
yejibros I made a shemale in cyberpunk
yejibros we sometimes go off in mp games but are mostly carried
yejibros we are here
yejibros they expect one of us in the wreckage
yejibros are we dead
yejibros bait is a softball
yejibros we get it right sometimes
yejibros the new whale we created made the news
yejibros we took this pic
yejibros we take that back
yejibros the best thing to come out of norway is harald baldr
yejibros we're here
yejibros we like big tits
yejibros if adobe tells me my software is pirated again their HQ is going up in flames
yejibros could play it with the guitar behind our backs
Post a chart yejibro
yejibros i might slothblast
yejibros why do i never get any (you)s...
yejibros beanwiga needs to be fucked asap
yejibros jyp breeds the best girls
yejibros who was your favorite porn actress when you were a teen
yejibros..
yejibros i am esl as well
yejibro... don't think about it too much...
yejibros what if the k-pop girls are all slaves to capitalism and we're all sexual abusers
yejibros we arent taking any of their 'vaccines'
yejibros I
yejibros the Ls will never stop us
if you are reading this you are not a yejibro
it's not looking good yejibros...
yejibros what do we think of jiyoon
good luck yejibro
yejibros what do we think of king crimson?
yejibros don't look at this it will turn you gay
yejibros the stinger is back
yejibros....
yejibros
mfw yejibros take yet another L
yejibros took a massive L
yejibros we are gonna coom
yejibros im very emotional this evening im about to cry for no reason im turning into a sissy
yejibros.. we taking the L for this
yejibros we make this face when we are in a hardcore gaming session
yejibros are losing
yejibros this is too hard, all i know is that i dont want to fuck yeji but the other 4, yes even ludwiga; FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
make it a yeji thread for the karinabros also known as yejibros former slugbros
yejibros i just beanblasted
yejibros how do we get yeji to massage us
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros...
yejibros im gonna do it to yuna
yejibros dont fap, thats not pure
yejibros who should i fap to tonight?
yejibro maybe you can work at a male strip club for it
yejibros i need to get money for hookers
yejibros i havent showered in a month
It's okay brother, watch itzy content if you're a true yejibro
yejibros i may or may not have coomed to that squid moaning streamable
yejibro today was not great
yejibros i feel like hell
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're here
It's okay to be a homo yejibro
yejibros i don't understand the appeal of sports
yejibros i regret not letting the hooker i fucked yesterday go on top, it would have been nice to see her tiddies bouncing from that angle
yejibros the SBMM on cold war is way too thick
yejibros it exploded..
there is no creature more pitiful than a right-wing yejibro
where are the yejibros
yejibros we dropped and shattered our iphone 12 but its okay because we pay for applecare+
yejibros kpg is bad for our mental health
Good evening yejibros
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros my dick is so fucking dry
yejibros, fuck it, i'm gonna take a nap
*pretends to be a yejibro*
yejibros i dm'd a japanese girl in ig saying im not a lolicon but she's turning me into one and she replied with a picture of her in a short skirt showing her thighs and her index finger over her lips making an "oopsie / shhhh" pose
yejibros i keep jerking off to kpop but the happiness doesnt last
yejibros we are playing cyberpunk in korean
yejibros do we also want to make wony absorb something?
yejibro?
yejibros i wanna kiss wony
yejibros we want to go back to sleep
yejibros we have started downloading cyberpunk 2077
yejibros we're here
yejibros i want to have sex with every female
yejibros i don't like black metal i prefer back women
yejibros ryujinsissy put a baby inside of me
yejibro i'm in love with you
yejibros we like niziu here
yejibros se lesiono vitao
yejibros we're watching vlives where the idols look into the camera lense because it like human contact... any favorites...?
yejibros what do we think of sharkanda
yejibros i caved and fucked a hooker but i feel a lot better now... also i masturbated for three hours
yejibros what do we think of norway?
yejibros
yejibros we are laughing at this picture
yejibros...
yejibros I'm getting sinful thoughts
yejibros i did it
yejibros should i go buy kpop posters?
43°C here yejibros send water
yejibros I'm constipated again.
yejibros we are posting from the toilet
yejibros i'm into white girls again
yejibros we have more scoville units than a Carolina reaper
yejibros we want better brains
yejibros we are here
Thinking about a yejibro
yejibros we are doing this to white women
thanks yejibro
very cute yejibro
yejibros
not that yejibros we have any choice in the matter
what would yeji think of the yejibros and their remarkable wisdom?
good morning yejibros
yejibros we only collect pictures of buff black men as a source of fitness inspiration
what's up yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros what is erp
Another L for yejibros
yejibros I did something really embarrassing last night I feel really bad for that guy that had to drive me home
Based yejibro for not being a pedo
there are yejibros even there
yejibros we are out of pepsi
yejibros i think we will have a can of pop as well
yejibros we can never find these
yejibros we are watching xqc
yejibros its only 10:40 am but im already drinking a can of cola
yejibros we would all day
yejibros shart morning
yejibros I
yejibros i did it
yejibros im gonna have to pee now. its coming. tell me good luck. pray for me
yejibros i watched togo. it was good
yejibro??
yejibros i got a bunch of blankets, turned the heat up, and got a bowl of cheerios
yejibros we're listening to marvin gaye
yejibros i had a yeji dream this morning
yejibros i feel like i'm gonna have to pee soon
yejibro breakdown field.webm
maybe ill post this yejibro until i get banned
i scream out in pain every night that I'm not a real yejibro
yejibros should i post this to facebook and then fight all my relatives
yejibros we're here
yejibro outside house 2.webm
yejibros im jamming to weeekly kpop mashups
yejibros i'm done with asian women and back into white women again
yejibros we are sad for our country
yejibro you are very wise
yejibros we are coming out of the shadow
yejibros
yejibros we are absolutely in love with many korean girls
Why does this thread have yejibro timeline lol?
yejibros we're listening to pig destroyer and fantasizing about murder and fried chicken
yejibros we don't have a family
yejibros i peed before and it hurt a lot
yejibros im developing erectile dysfunction this is based
yejibros i fucked this today
yejibros we love and only want the best for yejibros and our waifu's
goodnight yejibros
yejibros lets celebrate the maknaes pday
yejibros i bought a suit jacket and had sex today
she's dating a member of the shady online organization known as the "yejibros"
based yejibro
yejibros what if k-pop is the bluepill and ae-karina is the false goddess of lee sooman's new media religion
make it a heejoonk thread for the yejibros
yejibros we wear hawaiian shirts, but only ironically and to make a statement about the absurdity of modern life juxtaposed with our NEET lifestyles
yejibros are fucking retarded and ruin /kpg/
yejibros are like cockroaches
yejibros we are not trees
yejibros why don't you make like a tree and fuck off
yejibros... i am the liquor
yejibros these 8 guys just told me to meet them at the back door, should i go?
yejibros why do we always lose
but i am a yejibro brother
another big L for yejibros
yejibros who got this ?
yejibros we failed
yejibros this is ours
yejibros... why does our belly buttons smell like shit?
just us yejibros
yejibros we dont think mago is a real word
yejibros we lack presence in this thread
oldfags give me advice as a mid 20s yejibro
yejibros redpill me on cyberpunk 2077
yejibros we initially didnt see the charm in jiyoon but have now hopelessly fallen in love
yejibros we hate the white man
wtf yejibros you are closer to my dads age than mine
yejibros we're watching asian andy videos
yejibros we are thousands of years old
we are tied yejibro
yejibro you need to be 18 or older to post here
yejibros i'm a little faggot
yejibros some guy on fortnite shouted at me and now i'm too pumped on adrenaline to sleep
yejibros penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis
yejibros we have tamed the snow alpaca
yejibros im sending you all a mind message please view it at your earliest convenience
yejibros they are falling
yejibros we'd love to drink bleach but we promised our therapist we wouldn't
yejibros we love ateez
yejibros we like bleach (the anime not the chemical product)
yejibros we hore the victory bells ringing before the fight even started
yejibros for us its prussian glory
yejibros we think that jennie >>> ningning > beanwiga
yejibros are okay. anytime I mention itzy music its all the songs kpg hates so fuck it at this point. i just want fun normal kpop back
i know it well brother. i'm not even a yejibro but half my posts start with yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros i suppose our rocket ship didn't take off yesterday
yejibros we want to be sohee's toilet
yejibros i would marry this girl...
yejibros we just woke up and took a shower and its only 10:30pm
yejibros we're buying this
yejibros we have predicted a solar flare will hit humanity in less than a year
yejibros we made this post
yejibros the deck was stacked against but that aint gonna stop us from getting our coom off
yejibros we want chicken tenders but that faggot besmirched their name
yejibros we don't know wtf is a ryujinsissy
if yejibros arent chads why are we so heckin based and handsome?
yejibros i need to go fuck a hooker
yejibros, you will be my new light
yejibros greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than greater than 3163 greater than greater than 3671854 greater than greater 389040 greater than greater rhan 9102 9109 39209 grearer than greater than 9524 greater than greater only she thing one hot steaming inch black cock
yejibros our forehead is burning so we will hit it
yejibros i am having extreme difficulty mastering the water dragon jutsu
yejibros we attempting body transfer
yejibros we are contemplating kissing wony
yejibros our socks are on
yejibros wtf
yejibros we use tapedrives...
yejibros we are contemplating
yejibros *technopop music plays*
*says yejibros but in a robot voice*
yejibros we are strapped at all times. we need to defend ourselves
yejibrothers who is he talking about here...
another L for yejibros courtesy of ryujinchad
yejibros kangminabros are way more mentally ill than we are. they're probably brown.
yejibros i can't download from pornhub anymore
where are the yejibros
yejibros... lisa raped my peepee
yejibros always remember sex is all a woman is good for
yejibros is it gae to suck other's yejibros dick ?
yejibros ive become a Targeted Individual and currently being gangstalked after metapsychologically discovering the corona virus vaccine will implant cellular killswitch that can be activated from a future outbreak
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
us yejibros own this shit
yejibros we are all using freebsd
yejibros my arm is bleeding
yejibros i'm making my soty list and i wanna put more by kda in it cause it bangs but i don't know if it really classifies as kpop, does it?
yejibros jyp makes us want to work out harder
yejibros i think me and jyp would be like hand in glove
yejibros we don't think jyp cares about the ass as much as he does the art
yejibros this is us walking into the gym
yejibros buzzcut is no more, i have a mohawk now
yejibros we would eat this faggot for breakfast
yejibros sharkanda has a big wall around it with barbed wire and landmines
good night yejibros I have a rough day tomorrow so early to bed
yejibros i found my old akon cd i'm about to f**ckin' party up
yejibros can you help us open the salsa jar
Is the Yeji fansite ran by 10+ yejibros living in a small seoul apartment, still a thing once corona dies down?
why are there so many cock suckers amongst yejibros..
yejibros we could beat up all 486 members of nct at the same time
yejibros our boner would push her under the pole
yejibros trannies get the uppercut
yejibros this was heavily influenced by kanye
make it a karina feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros weeekly is a group to aspire too
yejibros i wanna see you dance dance
yejibros this is what a beta poster looks like
yejibros that is our business
yejibros with the next level play
yejibros what kinda asshole drives a lotus
yejibros we like tropical fanta
yejibros we only drink monster, water, and the only occasional pink lemonade on the open road. yeehaw brothers
yejibros we're afraid that's a transexual
yejibros
yejibros we're coke zero kind of guys
yejibros we HATE mountain dew
yejibros they can all get it
yejibros we wish we could make music like the strokes
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i like black women
yejibros i just learned about jewish control of the world banking system
yejibros my step-dad got me a ladyboy gold subscription for christmas
yejibros what is this "p" they're talking about?
yejibros are dicks are like needles but we move them like sewing machines
you forgot to start your post with "yejibros" therefore it is offtopic
yejibros we have a drinking problem
yejibros when they come knocking on your door don't answer
yejibros steel is just a social construct
yejibros dont listen to him, it can melt steel beams
yejibros jet fuel cant melt steel beams
yejibros i have finally learned how to type without looking at the keyboard
yejibros we would treat jiyoon to a very nice dinner
yejibros we used to be young but now we are old
yejibros this is quite epic ngl
yejibros we are still here
yejibros we are imagining taking a fat hot streamy shit with many logs plunging out of our assholes at a rapid rate
what the fuck yejibros
yejibros i got called ''chud'' what does that word mean? im esl
yejibros im gae
lol yejibros hachubby has a robot dog
it's the yejibros
I will fucking kill all yejibros i swear i will do it
yejibros i'm scared
yejibros we are here
yejibros would we
yejibros how do we work out our brains?
yejibros why there was no school of rock 2?
yejibros our brains are melting
yejibros we are here
yejibros it's been 2 weeks off snus. I wonder if I'll make it the full way or of I'll relapse..
yejibros this is pretty funny
yejibros we are very annoyed about this 8 hour wow server maintenance
yejibros get in here
yejibros are we getting the mcrib
yejibros im a cowboy
yejibros I cant do it...
yejibros i shaved my head like you said
yejibros are in the mix brother
got me thinking maybe the yejibros know something we don't
brb yejibros gotta take a leak
yejibros we wear biker mice from mars y-fronts
yejibros when we hear them 808 bass, this got me singing
yejibros that's what we like
yejibros we were born the same year as after effects
yejibros why does it make us say "I'm not a robot"
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros this hits close to home
yejibros check out my whip
yejibros i'm feeling good today, i want to have a good day and feel happy
yejibros we are gay now
yejibros dont look
yejibros why are cocks more beautiful than pussies
yejibros it is pussy inspection day
yejibro cock
yejibros we have seen eunbig's labia majora
yejibros don't forget our rocket ship has it's first high altitude flight test today
yejibros we are here
was up mah nigga yejibro
yejibros me in the back
yejibros love is volcano
yejibros uncle jared is hella based
yejibros did i ever tell you about the time i met elris
yejibros we wish this guy would stop posting us
Eunbi p, panorama flop, Twitter meltdown, Facebook Filipinos, yejibros
good morning yejibro
yejibros we wont even say the things we would do to this girl
jk yejibros yuqi is not for that
yejibros we would bend yuqi over and make her scream
yejibros are known everywhere there's a lot of us
our fallen yejibro didn't die in vain
yejibros
yejibros we wouldn't use a condom on her
yejibros we are getting famous worldwide
yejibros i'm drunk and it feels good
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros I am going to shit my pants
yejibros..
yejibros why isn't yeji voted #1 most beautiful girl? what retard compiled this list?
yejibros we're listening to young thug leaks
yejibros i have forgotten what ordinary koreans look like
yejibros i jerked off to femdom hentai again and i dont feel great about it
yejibros what fancam should we watch for escapism
yejibros we dont like gooks anymore we want alien pucci
yejibros are truly powerful
yejibros check 'em
see you tomorrow yejibros
yejibros all the aliens are using dyson spheres and thats why we cant hear them
yejibros why do those feet have a camel hump?
later yejibros i'm gonna play some vidya now
yejibros look like that?
yejibro.webm
yejibros this is not true, we're not racist that's against da rules
yejibros i'm a racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic misogynist cisgendered heterosexual christian white male
yejibros this is us because we're all cool.
yejibros, this bad grammar is triggering the autist in me.
yejibros the shitwater splashed on my balls again
yejibros all we want is war
yejibros i'm going to get drunk and play video games
yejibros my brain hurts call the ambulance
yejibros we're joining the CIA to kill kim jong un with radiation and we want to marry a cute north korean singsong girl and teach her about the bible
yejibros we are a monowaifuist but we keep thinking about our waifu's friends
yejibros now that the kalergi plan is in full swing where do we go to?
yejibros racism is not based
yejibros why is this ugly goblina jogger cosplayer being posted in our asian girls + music thread?
yejibros i see dead people
yejibros we only clicked choi yena's cam
yejibros t-ara deserved what happened to them for bullying hwasa
yejibros look at this absolute chinmonster
yejibros we used to like apink naeun but now we like april naeun
yejibros our waifus are going to marry north korean farmers who can beat us up
Tell yejibro it’s not his fault
It's not the same with Matt Skib yejibro and he was better in Alkaline Trio anyways
yejibros we love travis scott and can't wait for him to release a new album
yejibros we miss mark tom and travis
yejibros we are here
yejibros it's been over a week since our last erection
yejibros im watching a girl go to town on her yeji it's soaking
yejibros we are done with all this beta shit
yejibros we listened to dalla dalla at .75x speed and it changed our lives for good
yejibros we think our yeji's friend yuna is a bit of a tramp.
yejibros we are not joking
yejibros i slept from 4pm until now
yejibros we are losing our sense of taste
yejibros there are people all around this country waiting for something to pop off with these rag heads
yejibros we have been standing guard duty over the trenches all night and are starting to hallucinate
yejibros we are jamming to Da Coconut Nut
yejibros we are not ones to fuck with
yejibros we are like dogs slobbering at the cage ready to kill these rag heads
yejibros we are pagans
that guy isnt a yejibro, the yejibros are skelly
yejibro.webm
yejibros this guy is not shy and not me
yejibros don't get me started on the christians
yejibros we are gay
yejibros lets btfo this anon
yejibros we are not gay
ryujinmans entered the room so naturally for yejibros that's an auto-L
What happened with yejibros?
only yejibros
yejibros if we learned anything from our mistakes don't teach a lower race our ways
i always knew yejibros spammer was gay
yejibros check this cool video out
yejibros cry for me vocaroo cover
yejibros why does michael jackson suffer from chronic hiccups?
yejibros my bald head gets very slippery and i have to wash it constantly, is there anything i can do?
yejibros we are wondering how this julian casablancas guy knows so much
yejibros i'm balding
yejibros my ps4 won’t turn on :(
yejibros remember when gfriend used to make good music like this
yejibros im not fapping tonight
yejibros we are here
yejibros don't read this
yejibros what are we watching tonight
yejibros sinners go straight to the hell fire
yejibros i just a whole pizza
where are the yejibros
yejibros that brave sound guy really knew how to get dicks flying
yejibros post that one picture of yeji
yejibros these black girls at the gas station are way cooler than the white girls
yejibros we are NOT planning the next 9/11 type event that will plunge the world into the third world war.
yejibro here.
no, apparently a yejibro needed surgery urgently or hed die from a blockage or something but he didnt give any proof or anything to verify that it was even the same person that posted after he got the "surgery" so well never know
yejibros it's pretty cold outside (-10°C)
dead yejibro here. he's trying to trick you
yejibros i want to fuck someone in the ass
yejibros i shaved but my electric razor started working so now one side of my face is hairy and the other one isnt
yejibros i went for three walks in the street on this dark and cold night but i still feel empty inside
yejibros do we yejiblast?
yejibros im thinking of yui kawai again
Last word of a yejibro before he breathe his last breath....
yejibros we are here
When you're a yejibro you're a yejibro 4 life
just remember when you're feeling sad and alone you'll always have your yejibros
yejibros we are transitioning
yejibros we had a runin with the proud boys one time
yejibros we're all joining the proud boys
remember when yeji didn't exist and there were no yejibros
im not a yejibro but i hope i die first
yejibros WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE
yejibros they didn't put our picture on here because we are too handsome for their meme
you know what yejibros i'm gonna marry sohee
You forgot to say yejibros so this post is off topic
in that way it's kinda based but yejibros would never sell our soul to the devil
yejibros if we had one day to spend with colbert he would drop all that TV talk show host shit
yejibros we will beat rocket punch before the night is over
yejibros i can't stop clenching my butthole
He must be a yejibro
yejibros this is the first thing you see when you go to hell
yejibros what is this garbage
yejibros we've noticed these threads get better when europeans go to bed
yejibros we want to kill gay people
yejibros im playing red dead 2 for the first time, the download is immense
yejibros don't listen to panorama if you have sibilant headphones
yejibros i want to kill anybody who calls me gay
thanks yejibros...i'll support itzy's comeback too >.<
yejibros i almost unironically sharted my pants at the store
yejibros we're here
yejibros is it time to upgrade to midzychaddom? It seems like ITZY is the only good group left.
yejibros I
yejibros we are watching nfkrz videos about old and decadent soviet cities
yejibros whats the average word count of a kpg post?
yejibros why is video game music so based?
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're going for a walk but we probably wont feel any better afterwards
yejibros we are going apeshit if we dont get a monday christmas medley
yejibros we swear it by the moon
yejibros, we can’t pay for games because we paid scalper prices for our 3080s
yejibros our voice hurts
yejibros
yejibros there's a lot of people around here that make me sick but i must remember not to reply to bait
yejibros we have cancelled our preorder for cyberpunk 2077 and will wait until all the issues have been patched out instead
yejibros we're sewing up the holes in our clothes again
yejibros what should we have for lunch?
yejibros, we want to get in bed with wony and spoon with her like there's no tomorrow
yejibros..
yejibros when we're sad we drink tea and coffee
yejibros we're not sure how to move forward
yejibros do we like blowjobs
yejibros a little girl was staring at me in the parking lot and waved so i smiled and waved at her and her grandma called the cops on me
yejibros i want to buy a TV
yejibros i don't think i'm going to get out of bed today
yejibros do we love chimp
yejibros i can't stop listening to IU's discography
yejibros isaac newton died a virgin so it's ok if we never get any
yejibros i haven't had sex in five months, i feel like i should fuck a hooker but i don't want to because i just want a girlfriend
yejibros initiate extraction
yejibros I refuse to shave my face
yejibros what the fuck
yejibro.jpg
yejibros this is totally me when i see yeji
yejibros help me out
yejibros we look jiyoon and weeekly
yejibros i know young people rarely get hospitalized or die from covid but if i type in "20 year old dies from covid" on the search engine a lot of results come up... it can't all be fearmongering, it can't all be fake news every single one of them... i'm scared...
yejibros I can move my balls without touching them
yejibros we like this girl
yejibros im gonna take a nap
yejibros i might oogieblast
yejibros if only I possessed the form in which I was born
yejibros im scared of space i just want to stay in my bed
yejibros i've been in love before
yejibros i'm thinking about how earth is floating in outer space and it's freaking me out
would you yejibros? be honest
hello yejibros my belly hurts
yejibros we need to eat our vegetables
yejibros we made this 2 years ago when we were doing amphetamines and thinking we could become music composers
yejibros we are the reason kpg became twitch chat
yejibros did she say she has been taking L's
yejibros there's many of us and only one yeji
yejibros
yejibros we would take soob out dinner
yejibros i asked my coworker out and she told that she'd give me a chance if i was taller....
any yejibros
yejibros we should form a clique
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros life is hell
yejibros we feel like fucking shit
yejibros everything sounds like shit
yejibros after we spent the weekend hunting with our cousin this kpop shit seems really gay
yejibros im with iu
yejibros we are not cows
yejibros don't search the catalogue
yejibros Karina is so pretty…
yejibros we liked it
t. yejibro
yejibros the AI is hunting us down
yejibros what will we do if yeji gets the coof?
yejibros we are rubbing our nipples and stoking our cocks
yejibros we should be sleeping too
yejibros we are neither gay nor straight
we are yejisexual; we are only attracted to other yejibros
yejibros follow guidelines and get vaccines for the greater good like any good bugman
another W for yejibros
yejibros seem weak, malnourished, pale and lanky and ironically probably need vacs the most
yejibros we finna DIE biyatch
I didn't know you were an antivaccer, yejibro
yejibros we don't fear the virus
yejibros i got a korean hotdog it was $5 and tasted good
yejibros this is us
yejibros we want to get dominated by ryujin
yejibros i kissed a ryujinsissy and I liked it...
yejibros death is only natural
yejibros im cold
yejibros we are enjoying a glass of milk with some cookies
yejibros we dragged the tire into the garage so we can sleep in it
yejibros...
yejibros we are exposed
yejibros we poured milk in the garden so the meth would grow
yejibros we dumped our life savings into magic mushroom stocks
yejibros where is the sharkandian armory?
yejibros we're out of meth and we're going to fuck our dog
yejibros we no longer bathe frequently
yejibro I can't get over it it was about the hugest L I've ever taken in my life
yejibros we are going to a port town
yejibros we're out of meth and need more money for meth
yejibros the gets are so two days ago, we've moved on
yejibros we are crushing yoonbros before they take hold in the kpg
yejibros we will punish this slut
yejibros...
yejibros reality is crumbling around us
yejibros time is ticking away
yejibros i'm qutting kpop for screamorap
yejibros, firmth should be a word. I don't like the word firmness
yejibros I just had a 10/10 shit
yejibros i love rape hentai
because you suck the other yejibros cocks
yejibros are we gay
yejibros my mud hut is collapsing
yejibros, we're about to coom to this
yejibros we are the greatest men that ever lived
yejibros im very sleepy good night
yejibros wiggle that pickle
yejibros im already a demon
THEY WANT YOU TO STAY HOME SO THEY CAN KILL OFF ALL SMALL BUISNESSES WHILE THE CORPORATE OVERLORDS KEEP MAKING BILLIONS ITS WEALTH TRANSFER ON A SCALE NEVER BEFORE SEEN yejibro
yejibros our name is a killing word
yejibros hesnaw
straight outta sharkanda crazy motherfucker named yejibro
yejibros we be flexing on these hoes no cap
yejibros we trained this cat dont be surprised
yejibros should I make yeji scat porn
yejibros, why are we so insecure..
because we are all yejibros brother
yejibros i hate mosquitos so fucking much
yejibros why are you doing this please stop
yejibros
yejibros we are yejibrosexual
/yejibros/i
yejibros we are asexual now
yejibros we spent yet another day blogging about our wacky adventures through life
yejibros i got called mentally ill again
yejibros im growing out the buzzcut, i want the mullet
yejibros we think it's best if yeji keeps her clothes on
yejibros im going to puke
yejibros we are 6 1/2 inches morning wood
yejibros dont look
yejibros....
yejibros i wanted to blast but forgot i just used hand sanitizer and now my dick hurts
yejibro here and these are all my rocket punch albums
yejibros is it gay to watch sissy hypno?
yejibros is happening
yejibros im scared
yejibros I am full of regrets about life.
no one cared who i was until i became a yejibro
why are there so many yejibros now
yejibros I developed a CFNM (clothed female nude male) fetish recently. I want to flash my dick to pretty girls.
yejibros did I ever tell you about that time when I was in school and this cute girl with tight jeans was sitting next to me and she smelled like shit? She clearly didn't wipe her butt hole thoroughly enough. Brothers I had to resist reeeeeally hard not to be turned on. The smell of shit is absolutely disgusting but the fact that I was smelling that which was crusted onto a cute girl's anal skin was kinda hot if you know what I mean. Thankfully I never developed a scat fetish after that incident
yejibros I'm eating a neopolitan ice cream sandwich and I can't decide whether to rat the strawberry or chocolate part first.
yejibros im starting to become attracted to girls with black eyes
yejibros we dont know what is cm
yejibros i read this as cocks instead of books
yejibros I love the smell of books
yejibros you're supposed to measure along the top of your penis not the bottom
yejibros my cock is seven inches long
yejibros my dick is small but i can stay hard for hours because Im so good at edging that I'm a master bater.
yejibros im gonna do it
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros im also gonna do it to yuna
yejibros im gonna do it to seulgi feet, yeonwoo ass and girls getting fucked by horses
yejibros we hate china
yejibros tomorrow ill ask my coworker out
want to hold hands with a yejibro
this but its us yejibros
yejibros i just keep thinking about milky booba
yejibros we disown this brother. he is exiled from Sharkanda.
yejibros i just blasted to this
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros I really want mcdonalds
yejibros we are posting jennie again
what do we think of the yejibros
yejibros they hate us cuz they ain't us
based yejibros saving the thread
yejibro you were supposed to say not tall not me
yejibros we are very tall
post more yejibros moments
yejibros are we gay
brothers what happened i was about to told my yejibro why i cut the grass with a shovel
spanish yejibros want a hamburger
yejibro moment
yejibros we got into this group
good evening yejibros we are reaching the end of the weekend
any yejibros in here
tomorrow i don the traditional yejibro haircut and become a yejiman
remember when that yejibro died? LOL
yejibros....
ceo of a fortune 50000 company thinking about contracting the yejibros to handle our market image zone of influence
yejibros we're listening to all of got7 albums in chronological order, including jackson's solo work and the double j project
very true yejibrother
make it a karina feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros itzy hasnt done much recently and it really has been on a decline since debut
yejibros how could this happen?
yejibros we are shadowbanned because we have too many (you)'s
yejibros we got tacos
the shartman merged with all the the other yejifactions to create the most powerful force kpg has ever seen the yejibros.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros
yejibros the boobas are fake
yejibros why does my hair smell like parmesan even though i shower every day?
yejibros we've come to accept we cant control anything
yejibros we tore our foreskin from too much friction
yejibros we gotta circlejerk harder now
yes yejibro we are always here always united
yejibro...
yejibros i can't stop saying karina booba out loud in a funny indian accent
yejibro just buy one made with good materials
yejibros i need a new shovel
yejibros will be 40 when itzy become 30
yejibros my shovel broke
yejibros i just smoked meth with and fucked lisa's bussy for 96 straight hours
yejibros i'm making onions juice
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros i got this jewish girl to send me feet pics. today was a good day.
yejibros we suffer severe brain damage
yejibros i didn't sleep well and i'm hungover but i'm going to go outside
yejibros we're y*nablasting
yejibros we wish russell had won so hammy would have been permanently exposed and removed from the goat conversation
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros do we like eating shit
yejibros it's over for us
yejibros im posting from beyond the grave and just wanted to tell you im dead
yejibros, i miss her
pour one out for that yejibro, hes one with the shart now
yejibros, we're cooming to this tight little baritone now
yeji bros. that yejibro that died the other day got me thinking. im not suicidal but yes im very depressed. how do i excape the black hole of loneliness?
yejibros, we're nutting to yeonwoo today
yejibros we're her
yejibros we're listening to bon voyage for the first time
yejibros i need a new shovel
uh...yejibros?
another W for yejibros
you can only be a yejibro if you are fat and autistic
if every yejibro posted a pic of yeji when they yejiposted then the thread would instantly hit image limit
don't trust them brother yejibro is a state of mind
yejibros my shovel broke
hello yejibros good morning
ae-yejibro
i just submitted your nomination for yejibro of the year. good luck, brother.
umm what happened to itzy all the yejibros told me they were taking over kpop?
yejibros i want to win an award too
yejibros...
yejibros we dont know who boa is
hello yejibros good morning today im gonna cut the grass of my yard
oh no yejibros we got cocky
yejibros, we are becoming a legion
yejibro
very true yejibro
yejibros we are here
i love yeji so much but i'm not a yejibro
yejibros we like this song
Another L for yejibros
yes yejibros
they just showed itzy at mama 2019 don't look at the stream yejibros
yejibros i'm a pirate
yejibros ateez answer makes us cry
yejibros i'm not a yejibro anymore and i never was one in the first place
yejibros we are constipated
yejibros im trying to stop being a mouthbreather but i keep farting
yejibros don't poop so we have no need for butts.
yejibros the darkness is penetrating this bullshit little fantasy world
yejibros i made onions juice
yejibros are they singing "wokka wokka wokka"?
yejibros i want to get a shrek tattoo
yejibros we are also breaking all the rules
yejibros i got dumplings on uber eats and they didn't come with the little tubs of chilli oil or soi sauce like they do from most places
yejibros...
yejibros should i buy a 400 dollar hugo boss wool overcoat, a 200 jil sanders uniqlo wool jacket or a 120 dollar adidas "winter jacket"?
Sounds like yejibros
yejibros we can't stop listening to the crash landing on you ballad we think we are going to have a crush on baek yerin
best: yejibros
yejibros i had sex once and it was one of the most embarassing events in my life
Thanks, yejibro. But do you have anything better?
6ix9ine is honorary yejibro
yejibros our girl is a goblin
yejibros this time it's gonna be different
yejibros we are brown but not gooky
yejibros should i take a month long trip to korea to find a koreagf? I don't speak the language....
where do we go from here yejibros, the net is vast and infinite
yejibros i've become increasingly blackpilled on the state of women and at the age of 26 im losing hope in ever finding a soulmate
yejibros i havent been on a date in a year
yejibros we shit our beds again
yejibros i just got a text from the korean supermodel i work with, she said 'twice is trash.webm' and she's dtf
just remember you'll always have your yejibros
cause a yejibro yeji don't yeji
there's no bro like a yejibro
yejibros we're boycotting mama
yejibros we lit a candle and we are reflecting on our past sins
dr kim uses his scapel magic on yejibro
yejibros is this true
yejibros i unironically like superm
yejibros are we improving our lives, or are we just stagnant and mindlessly drifting through our days as a result of our addictions?
yejibros you're my style!
why are yejibros so gay now
yejibros we are here
yejibros i jerked off to sohyun 3 times today
yejibros i jerked off 3 times today
yejibros im irationally upset people are posting some plastic monster on a korea pop music thread on a japanese sewing board
yejibros im about to raise the roof
yejibros i have lots of weird red moles, am i going to die?
yejibros i'm older than all my heroes at their peak and have achieved nothing
can't believe yejibros used to be cool...
yejibros im feeding my dog cheerios and i hate kpop
yejibros we respect suicide cult leaders who go through with it, at least they were being genuine
I understand the pain yejibro, took me 5 days to scalp 3 6800XTs for $450 USD each on top. The amount of abuse I got within those 5 days was insane.
yejibro it's all so tiresome
yejibros we like stayc but we are not compelled to post them
yejibros i keep deleting all my kpop photos again and again
yejibros someone tried phishing the instagram account i use to follow instathots
yejibros i am watching the cable guy
yejibros what the fuck is this
yejibros we are massaging our scalp
yejibros we don't care for jihan and her fake tears
the audacity of some yejibros
jihanbros do we associate with yejibros?
yejibros we are getting turnt up
hello yejibros what are we gonna do tonight
yejibros im going to start a splinter faction of white chads called the karinabros
yejibros we dont know wtf is a shampoo fairy
who will be the next faction to challenge the yejibros?
yejibros i like txt my favorite song is crown
those pits made me lose yejibro
yejibros we must hunt tonight
yejibros we're unable to control ourselves right now
yejibros we are listening to kai
yejibro you need to drive through with your feet, brace your abs and flex your lats
yejibros our back is so sore from deadlifting we can't sleep at night
yejibros i really enjoy this picture of our girl
we are listening to gaypop yejibros
where are the yejibros?
yejibros im falling for gawr gura...
yejibros where will you be in five years?
yejibros do we want to establish an Islamic Republic in Korea?
so yejibro died? thats sad
yejibros im playing league with my friends
yejibros i gave up
yejibros we are here
yejibros im watching a minecraft speedrun and its really cool
yejibros our hindu guru told us people who leech off of others will be reborn as animals and now we are worried for our neet selves
yejibros all the girls in my city found out im a virgin and they’re trying to seduce me and take it away im so scared bros i want to stay pure
yejibros you ever read a book and realise halfway through it that the author was a complete idiot so you wanna drop it but you already finished 50% of it so you feel compelled to read it all the way because of sunk cost fallacy but knowing that you're being trapped by the fallacy gives you strength to put the book away and yet the feeble human nature rebels against your decision and you feel defeated by the book you start to hate yourself doubt your virility as a man after all what kind of wimp cant finish a simple ass book so you take it up against and keep on reading not enjoying it one bit
yejibros is the plandemic designed to wipe us out
yejibro? now that's a name i haven't heard in a looong time.
yejibro are we stronger than blinks? could we beat them in a street brawl?
yejibros we were meant for more
yejibros...
yejibros i tried looking for another yeji laughing picture but couldnt find it
yejibros we're eating spicy noodles
yejibros
yejibros how's everyone after the rigged get
yejibros we just got back from two hours in the future
yejibro we are attempting time travel
yejibros i want to shoot my love gun into yeji's berginer
yejibros hachubby is neomu neomu cute and we all love her
yejibros we are listening to this
yejibros that's a transexual
yejibros we will protect our virginity at all costs
yejibros we are ending our lives
yejibrother it was never in our control
yejibros this a weird game
yejibros I
yejibros when i came to kpg this morning i wasnt thinking about booba and cooming but now i am
yejibros why cant i watch this video
yejibros don't give that tranny (you)s
yejibros i cant get my reaction folder to sync so i have no yejibro photos
yejibros we have given up so we dont think about these things at all
good news yejibros
yejibros we're smoking crack and abducting neighborhood dogs and taking them to dog shelters again
yejibros we can find new ways of living
yejibros my back fucking hurts
yejibros we got orange juice in our eye
yejibros we suck each other off and eat each other's bootyholes
yejibros i do not have a single image of yeji saved on any of my devices
nuke yejibros
yejibros
yejibros is that jennie on the right
yejibros i look like jesus
yejibros i just look like a normal guy
yejibros? more like gayjibros
yejibros we're jacking it and sending each other dick pics
yejibros i'm just laying naked in bed listening to nct and stray kids songs
yejibros i'm too tired to stay awake but i can't get back to sleep either
yejibros i cant quit fapping
yejibros i look just like this
yejibros, we're not finished cooming to arin yet
yejibros we are trying out a fresh batch of jenkem tonight
wtf i don't want to be a yejibro any longer
yejibros we are all gay and send each other dick pics over discord
i just did it to ryujin yejibros
hello yejibros i want to fuck my coworker
yejibro its ok meatsoo is hard to resist
yejibros i cheated on horsé with meatsoo
uhh yejibros?
yejibros...
yejibros we must form our own nationstate and wage war against america
yejibros = spin off protestants
yejibros, we're cooming to arin today
seems like a lot of people here just dont understand yejibros
post your face when talking to yejibros
yejibros we ruined our diet again, we will be fat
native yejibros hunted and butchered them for the meat and skin
yejibros we never learnt nothing
yejibros we learned that ancient sloths were 20ft tall because of the youtube algorithm
yejibros we miss her ass so much
yejibros i'm going back to bed
yejibros i only slept for 2hrs and i think i'm going to crash again
yejibros I am betting $25,000 on west virgina +6.5 if I win the bet I'll paypal or venmo all yeji bros some of my winnings because you are my brothers.
good morning yejibros
yejibros look at this woman
yejibros i jacked off fell asleep woke up and jacked off again
yejibros we are planning a covert mission to save the cats from blackstinks dungeon
yejibros lets go to the christmas tree farm and saw us down a nice one :)
yejibros this song started playing in our heads this morning
yejibros our heart hurts
yejibros we are neonsexual
yejibros we won
yejibros you don't love me, you just love my doggystyle
yejibros me with my kgf on the right
yejibros we want to give them all huggies :)
yejibros when we look at this photo we see weakness
yejibros yes i love it
yejibros we're here
So much falseflagger, yejibros, but we will keep doing what we do best.
yejibros we looked it up
yejibros good morning
yejibros i jacked off on a webcam site but as soon as i blasted i got banned wtf
yejibros we are listening to blackpink
yejibros, we are esl
yejibros we isnt he seething
yejibros we are making our own award show and itzy will win everything
The only award yejibros took home today is a giant shining L
yejibros seething
yejibros we got fucking robbed
yejibros sweet trip does suck tho
yejibros we must kill ourselves for failing to get the get, honor demands it
yejibros sometimes it feels like insects are crawling all over me but there's nothing there
yejibros i drank a mickey in 3hrs but i don't feel drunk at all
yejibros i found our theme
yejibros i should have a got a 26 not a mickey
yejibros are never alone
The yejibros scriptbot failed hard, get a better one losers
Thanks, yejibro.
yejibros sometimes i feel a rage inside me and all i wanna do is kill someone
You forgot to add "yejibros" into your post, brother. Therefore, it is unfortunately off-topic.
yejibros we're here
make it a chaeryeong thread, yejibros
And make sure to say yejibros we are here
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're here!
yejibros we'll get them next time
yejibros i just made a mashup of wanting to kill by the knife and all star by smash mouth
yejibros do you ever think about if we were as perverted on here as we are irl? if i acted like i did online irl i'd literally be jacking off to fully clothed women in public. it's weird how we set up these mental barriers
yejibros i want a durag just like kai's
yejibros this hacker guy considered us as much of a threat as several dudes with scripts
yejibros i don't even like yeji or itzy or kpop i just like yejibros
we are legion, yejibro
sorry, yejibros
yejibros if all the millions of us spam on cooldown we will reach the next get in no time
yejibros why do they hate us so much when we literally never leave our containment thread and just talk about kpop amongst ourselves?
yejibros we remain strong
yejibros with the thread.png
disclaimer I still love all my yejibros
yejibros I lied about the discord and bots
yejibros we are kmsing ourselves
yejibros we were never here
yejibros we have no other choice we failed her
yejibros fuck trannyjannies
yejibros i woke my dad up because i was screaming and crying so loud
yejibros we're happy with our
today we are all yejibros taking that L
soon yejibros
yejibros we're shaving our heads in shame again
its over yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros
yejibros...
We are here yejibro
yejibros
SOON yejibros
any yejibros here?
yejibros, for the sake of sharkanda
yejibros we are practicing our pushups to be part of teh Korean Navy SEALs
who is yejibros
yejibros, forever lets go
im proud of the yejibros
yejibros why am i nervous
yejibros with the thread
yejibros we are no longer interested in KQT's we just want to take over the world and rein supreme from our golden throne of KPG
yejibrosephs
yejibro...
yejibros we are manning up and joining the marines
yejibros i shit myself in public
yejibros dont even know who that is
where the fuck are the yejibros
yejibro...
yejibro...
yejibros, we are getting it
yejibros this goes for all the Ls we took, we can do it
yejibros pls let googie get
yejibros, forever lets go
yejibro pls stahp
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros we got that get secured right? If i see a basedjak with it i am gonna beat you all up
yejibros
yejibros we want to empty our balls on this whore’s tongue
i fucked up a yejibro after he fucked me down
yejibros our parents are retarded
yejibros im in heat right now but i cant stop posting
yejibros when to we activate the yejibots?
yejibros when we whoop whoop to the neighbors they don't whoop whoop back :(
yejibros we love a chinese
yejibros will fail
we want to know what is happening here yejibros
yejibros we fell in love with some girl named "yamy"
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros tonight we make history
yejibros did our brother make it out of the surgery alive? did he post here? i wasn't in the other threads but i still remember him and i want to know if he's okay
yejibros i ask only for the strength to defend my people
yejibros listen to this album its pretty good
yejibros i don't want to see aespashitters get the get.
I’m betting the 9s will go to the yejibros and the 00s will go to a wonypedo
we need a korean yejibro brothers to seem more authentic
Unless another yejibro says otherwise
yejibros are the kpg of kpg
what the fuck is a "yejibro"?
yejibros we will get the get for yeji
yejibros we are very cool actually
the yejibros..... they will do it.....
yejibros im fucking tired and im going to sleep
good luck with the gets kpg and of course, my dear yejibros
yejibros we cant take the anxiety waiting for gets so were gonna play videogames instead
yejibros i don't want to fap tonight my dick hurts
yejibros can you get a mouth pregnant
yejibros join the discord we have the gets in the bag
yejibros do we like consuming yeji's shit
yejibros we are getting filled tonight
yejibros get in here
yejibros we just went through our armory
yejibros our bloodlust is bound to b for bloodlust
the get will be a yejibro and you can quote me on that
gonna make it a yejibro get to make /mu/trannys and boomers seethe
yejibros do you see it too?
yejibros we are committing suicide so we can fight ryujinsissies in hell
yejibro reportin here
yejibros are we still here
yejibros shes so pretty
yejibros...
yejibros one of our distant cousins showed up on our 23&me and she is banging hot
yejibros we are old enough to have witnessed and consumed 1st and 2nd gen but we latch onto 4th because we hate ageing
yejibros we're living in their heads
I don’t even like kpop but I’m a proud yejibro bigot
yejibro we are gae
yejibros read minds
yejibros.. those silica dessicant packets. the ones that smell really good that are supposed to keep things dry. You can't eat them. I ate one and I feel really sick.
yejibros the people in the neighborhood are laughing and having a good time
yejibros I am getting performance anxiety
yejibros we don't even have a hunting license but we will kill a big buck tomorrow
yejibros leather is too cold for my tush
yejibros this is the get of our lifetime
yejibro can we please hurry I would like to go to bed
yejibros we will get the get
yejibros we are going deer hunting tomorrow morning with our redneck cousin
yejibro timeline:
yejibros are we waking up at 3am?
how did you remove your hands yejibros?
yejibros we just got locked out of instagram due to phishing even though we dont enter info on any sites
yejibros we're trying to cum handsfree and not getting anywhere so far
yejibros we have telekinetic superpowers and use them to bully people
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
it's only gay if you cum first yejibros
is it gae to be a yejibro
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros having sex with men isn’t gay as long as we have relationships with women
yejibros...
yejibros deadass where can i grip a fitted like this?
holy frick yejibros we made that image
Goodnight yejibros
yejibros we're only as tall as woozi but we're as chad as bm on the inside
yejibros make thousands of posts quick
explain this yejibros
yes yejibros, i can boogie
where are the yejibros from
yejibros we learned korean to get called oppa but all women younger than us just use sshi and nim because its a cursed life
yejibros we are out of yeji's league
yejibros i paid for online korean lessons just for the chance to video chat with a korean female but now i can't be bothered studying korean
yejibros i am brown and esl can i get a yeji gf
yejibros we dont know this guy
yejibros we did not type this
yejibros we are americans
did the yejibro who was doing the surgery come back? It's been 12 hours...
yejibros imagine caring about charts and popularity and shit
yejibros are deep inside your children and they will betray you in our name
yejibros iiiiiiiiiii i will begin agaiiiinnmnnh
yejibros rise up
yejibros this part is really funny
yejibros we need a little patience,
yejibros im gonna fap to my coworker's feet
yejibros were going to bleach our hair next time we get a buzzcut
yejibros we're listening to blink 182
yejibros why do we like gooky girls more than actual gooks do????
yejibros i look like julian casablancas
yejibros all of our friends are in jail
yejibros julian casablancas looks extremely similar to one of our friends growing up
yejibros and the ghost of tom jones
yejibros we are too old for infantry
yejibros we are just meat on bones but we can be very useful when the time comes
yejibros we miss posting wujus
yejibros are taking the power back while the rest of you are sleeping in the fire
where are the yejibros
yejibros we're watching die hard for two hours until the get happens
yejibros we're sick of philosophy, we want money now
yejibros get all gets and none of the gets at the same time. we are eternal
yejibros what are we gonna do this weekend
yejibros we will not cry in war
yejibros we are creating our own meaning of life
yejibros on the machine gun mowin' them down
yejibros live the party
yejibros what are we gonna do this weekend
yejibros we have 8hrs to bedtime
yejibros we are watching our life waste away day by day, and we are not going to do a thing about it
yejibros we only eat protein bars because we like farting all day long
yejibros we are gae
yejibros we're watching the queen's gambit
yejibros we agree with this post
yejibros we are getting tired because its late in europe please secure the get without me
yejibros i'm feeling lucky
yejibros we control the matrix
yejibros don't you worry
yejibros we wrote this song for you
yejibros we are going to be the 100000000th post
yejibros we are here
And now, the end is near, and so we face the final curtain, yejibros
if yejibros couldn't get the quints there's no hope for the 9's
yejibros buy me this
yejibros just make sure we get the important one
Not like this yejibros...
yejibros we gonna legalize it
yejibros we are dumping aespa for weeekly
yejibros i really like listening to weeekly singing radio hits
massive L if yejibros dont get this
uh...yejibros?
yejibros how long till the major L moment?
praying for surgery yejibro
yejibros we wish we could draw well
yejibros i just found the secret of kpop
yejibros we have sex with yejibros
yejibros i want to commit my fiesta
yejibros im eating
yejibros hello
hello yejibros good evenig afternoon
yejibro good evening
good evening yejibros
yejibros we're gonna get the get
yejibros it is a shark
yejibros i'm your candy
yejibros we hear the sound of fighter jets again
yejibros why do gooks like ariana grande so much
yejibros are repeating numbers part of our mythology or timeline?
yejibros i have an anti-stress ball now, i'm not going to punch the wall anymore
yejibros translate this entire video
yejibros we are getting
yejibros this is who we should emulate
it's time to become a philosopher hobo like diogenes, yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros how would you feel if your mother saw you browsing kpg?
yejibros we saw a documentary on girls fleeing from saudi arabia and now we deeply care about women's rights
yejibros i take the bait every time like a shark
yejibros good morning
yejibros our hair is uneven and we look dusty
yejibros I'm glad we're not like this
yejibros, qa has thread just for you
yejibros I ran out of my medication....
yejibros which one of them was murdered?
fake yejibro alert
yejibros momhee is cooking for us
yejibros i need to piss
yejibros we just spent 10 minutes talking to a spider
a smooth yejibro
praying for surgery yejibro. if you're here make a tripcode so we know if you live.
another yejibro bites the dust...
yejibros posting on kpg with suits on
yejibros we just wanna grill for gods sake
i hope you'll make it. cmon doctors have done anything. have faith. it's cringe to say but us yejibros will be here for you brother, we'll never leave
yejibro, you're so stylish
yejibros i swallowed a razorblade.
yejibros what the fuck is this shit
yejibros my tyres are dead
yejibros we're not gonna watch the new lord of the rings show because of all the black people in it
yejibros we are high fashion
yejibros we are taking showers, hitting the weights and having a clue
yejibrothers we are very grateful to not be born in America, America stinks
yejibros BE GLAD THAT U R FREE
yejibros we are grateful to live in America
yejibros i am currently wrestling one out to op's image
yejibros we must exterminate all wonypedos
yejibros we want to explore the mountains of Argentina
yejibros.. i wasnt even going to post this but the Dr says I might not wake up. It's too far up and they have to do surgery to remove it. I don't have insurance. He said there is a clause for life/death that they will perform it. I just don't want the debt to go to my mom. Should I have them do it? I'm in this little room with a smock naked alone and afraid. I need to know what to do.
yejibros the sound is coming out of the screen
yejibros we feel like our personality was evolved for war and we want it just to live
yejibros imagine if there was actual war our dominance would shine through
yejibros we signup for the front line to protect our waifus from the evil north
yejibros the sentences look like an object split in two
yejibros we could beat up prime mike tyson
yejibros we are going back to listening to rocket punch
yejibros we have 14 inch biceps
yejibro struggles to lift a rifle with his pale skinny arms
yejibros do they teach this shit in gook military school
yejibros do we like cats
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we dont listen to ninki minjaj
yejibros costar as background to a 6ix9ine mv
yejibros we currently live in the top floor of an appartment building in a prosperous city in a first world country
yejibros chinks are lightweights
yejibros we are jyp solo stans
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros fail to leave the basement
yejibros declare war on china
yejibros we are currently here
yejibros the chinks don't know how strong our teeth are
yejibros is the revolution
Dragoncucks must fear the yejibros
yejibros square up is one of the greatest kpop albums of all time
yejibros we not here cause Yeji is barely in the episode...
yejibros im still doing nnn because i cant decide who to coom to
yejibro wap cover
yejibros sometimes i feel like i am the typing machine for the central intelligence agency
yejibro gets crushed by a tank at tiananmen square
yejibros pretty ladies are at our discretion, so we can get off, we keep under the sheets with two lovelies, so we can get off
yejibros if you want to appear strong and willing to die for your cause you have to say shit like this
yejibros in anarchist socialism all wives are held in common
yejibros I have no money anymore...
yejibros just like the monolid uggo they post have extremely low iqs
yejibros that's why we are leaving
yejibros its so fucking boring in here all the time
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros my comments are stuck to the top of the comment box
yejibros remember*iz made us really really emotional
yejibros when we spit the truth basedjaks shut the fuck up and reflect
yejibros we haunted by the impermanence of things
yejibros the shart is fading
yejibros our sentences move like clockwork
yejibros kpg is the shit we scrape off our boots on the sidewalk
yejibros did you know pretty much all of the beavis and butthead illustrations were drawn by koreans
yejibros JYP is our hero
yejibros i only know momoland and LOONA
when the pandemic ends there will be a global yejibro meetup
yejibros we are so smart why don't we make our own kpop group and brand them as being very popular and high budget
youre not doing a great job, everyone knows true yejibros post a pic of her every post
yejibros i pretend i'm a yejibro just so i can blogpost desu
yejibros we will filter aespa until they make a good song
yejibros can we really coom from dryhumping
yejibros we are here
yejibros i'm ending it tonight
yejibros i am so dehydrated i feel like that rosé girl who got fucked for 24 hours we heard
yejibros we are very wise
yejibros what does kopo mean?
yejibros how to i get a thicc black gf?
yejibros we are posting this song for the second time
yejibros will never recover
Did yejibros ever recover
yejibros we're going to turn our life around and do things that are for our benefit and well being
yejibros are we hyped for Whole Lotta Red
yejibros death by cooming is on our bucket list
yejibros we have been listening to their music again recently and they are not so bad
yejibros i think ketchy bags are gay
yejibros we would never spend $30 on anything kpop related
yejibros that is how we feel about izone
yejibros how could we be mean to that face
yejibros we don't know how we feel about this group
yejibros i try to google 'great white people' but all i see is us
yejibros is lisa really a man?
Yejibros. I'm so sorry. I was wrong. They aren't edible. I-I don't know what to say. Please tell the other yejibros you can't eat them.
yejibros i'm gonna puke
yejibros we saw an egirls pits and they looked like yunkys
yejibros we are so tired of other music we are going to listen to itzy
based yejibro
yejibros let power up!
100 yejibros vs 1 tyrannosaurus rex
yejibros i confess at first i hated yejibros, but then i learned to stop worrying and love the yeji and i feel like a part of something now, thank you
yejibros i need some (you)s
100 yejibros vs 1 silverback gorilla
yejibros we are here
yejibros we could beat up mia easily
yejibros what the fuck is that gif
statistically speaking a yejibro has died already
yejibros, we're going to coom in our adult diapers soon
yejibros there are three layers to this joke
yejibros how do we avoid ending up like this
yejibros how do i unlock what the stars say
yejibros i swallowed but it made my tongue and throat feel really tingly
yejibros im starting to think jiyoon is cute...
yejibros this is a strange ontological premise
yejibros i dont know what to say
yejibros we just deleted 10,000 files
yejibros i tried to stand up but my leg fell asleep and i fell
yejibros we think about the heftiness of karina's titters very often
yejibros this ddr song was lit
how could you betray a brother like this yejibros??
yejibros this is how us secret agents pass covert messages
yejibros, i am actually scared to look at wony. she is so hot that i feel like i'm doing something wrong.
yejibro hours... yawn
yejibros i told you to stop taking shrooms
this is yejibro deceit
yejibros we are not gay
yejibros look at this wackjob
i put the last 1000 kpg threads into a neural network bot and made it look at all the posts starting with "yejibros"
yejibros i want to experiment but im afraid
yejibros they're onto us
yejibros i've tried nothing, everything works
yejibros i might boomerblast
yejibros
yejibros i ate her out and now she doesn't want to talk to me anymore
yejibros is it ok when i see a girl and it makes my pp get hard
yejibros sorbijey
yejibros there is gonna be a mini epic get soon
yejibro it's too late im sharinganing my ultra instict into chidori
yejibros my script for a neo-noir body horror movie got picked up by a major hollywood studio
yejibros i caught a wobbuffet
yejibros forgive me but i must go all out just this once
yejibros im going to start studying the blade
yejibros if there is god and we believe in him win win but if we don't we burn in hell and there is no god and we believe in him no harm done and if we don't it doesn't matter so we should believe in god cause we have everything to lose if we don't
yejibros we dont think we just do
yejibros we think there for we are
yejibros do fart smells stick to pants
maybe these yejibros aren't so bad after all. they are making the seething incels
yejibros have you ever tried going a week without internet?
yejibros I like to stimulate my prostate
I heard yejibros have stinky feet
I have information that will lead to the arrest of all yejibros
grandma please go away you're embarrassing me in front of my yejibros
yejibros we don't listen to religious fanatics
just beat resident evil 4, now i'm thinking about doing another civ 6. maybe i'll take over the world with a yejibro religion
yejibros im starting a community, we're called Yeji's Gate
yejibros. I had the dream. I just slept 72 hrs straight. I saw her. I saw Ye- She said I didn't need my body anymore. She said mortality is an encumbrance. Yejibros..she said listen to the lyrics of Dalla Dalla again. and I did. For 10,000 hours I did. And I get it now. How could I be so blind. I know what Yeji meant. I see it. We aren't supposed to be here. This is just a waypoint. I'm so happy I'm crying. I want you all to know yejibros, we are so close, so close. We just need to pass to the next plane. Yeji told me want to take, the dosage, how to pass beyond this plane of misery. I'm so relieved. I will be with Yeji now. and forever.
yejibros my sister texted me this 3 days ago and we havent spoken since...
yejibros depression is for teenagers. we are bi polar
yejibros we don't understand these depressed fags
yejibros im sniffing glue
yejibros we have no time for debbie downers
yejibros will keep bangin' on without you
yejibros i cant remember the last time a girl that wasnt my mom texted me
yejibros we think we are going to hang ourselves today
yejibros these girls be buzzin my phone
hehe im the yejibro he's replying to. how you like them apples
yejibros i tried to post porn to get myself banned but i only had one deepfake and it was an mp4 so i couldnt post it
yejibros there is nothing left for us in this world
yejibros we want to be as cool as apetor
i know i could count on yejibros. they would never let a miserable woman drink alone
yejibros we're going to start drinking with IU now
yejibros our coom got on our underwear
before i am a yejibro, i am midzy
yejibros i'm sleepy but i can't stop listening to chungha stay tonight
yejibros i like seventeen and stray kids
yejibros we got some chikin
greetings to all yejibros and yejibros only
yejibros i am sleepy i'm going to sleepy
yejibros are like street thugs
post yeji rn or you're kicked out of the yejibros
yejibros
yejibroz
yejibros also support yujin because her name starts with a Y
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros we're going to start snorting coke
yejibros we like all these
yejibros we are one letter off from yeribros
yejibros how do i leave this place? it cant be as easy as closing the tab
yejibros sometimes i post this even tho i post here everyday
yejibros i was looking through my kpop folder and noticed this shark looks like
yejibros would we let yeji get fucked by a black man
yejibros saw and touched many pussies, we touch pussies for breakfast
yejibros this is the pussy thing that we've never seen yet has ruined our mental health
excuse me yejibros but why is hiro playing weird finnish acapella on our board
yejibros we think this is gross
yejibros what is this
yejibros...
yejibros this is really good
yejibros this is a banger tho
yejibros we listened to our 4,204 kpop songs so much we don't know what to play anymore
yejibros the darkness surrounds us
yejibros our pits are giving off heavy pheromones
yejibros im gonna take a shower
where are the yejibros
yejibros i'm so excited, i'm so excited, i just can't hide it
yejibros how do i stop feeling tired
yejibros will izone go the way of ioi and split into different new groups?
Wiz*cels already btfo, it yejibros thread now
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are here
kpg is not the reason your life is shit. and attempt at causing yejibros extinction.
yejibro let's make a pact right now to quit kpg forever and live better lives
yejibros the more i post here the more tired i feel
based yejibros
hello neet yejibros good evening
yejibros do we like negativity
Yes there’s a yejibro out there for every one of them
yejibrothers we would sleep with yunky if she asked us
yejibrother did you hear? jihyoroasties declared war on us
yejibros we got the world swinging from our nutz
hello yejibros good evening yejibros
yejibros im not sure if i should get a tattooo
yejibros when of us cooms we all coom
yejibros the guy who quit the job here I'm having an interview tomorrow I don't wanna work again but duty calls
it's just yejibros screaming IIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ramdonly
yejibros get in here
yejibros when yes or yes starts playing we skip it
yejibros are we maoist
yejibros is drinking 2 liters of diet coke daily good for you?
is this a yejibro
yejibros we haven't had a lunchable since our field trip in fourth grade
yejibros who is this guy
yejibros we're wandering this KWANGYA
jihyobros is it true that we are on a higher spiritual realm than yejibros?
yejibros
yejibros I don't know much about computers and the internet but I know how to post yeji on 4channel
yejibros do we like brad pitt?
yejibros sometimes we look at Yuna and just go hmmmmmmmm
yejibros that is what the ladies say about us
Yes otherwise why do you think we're yejibros???
yejibros do we even like yeji
yejibros i downloaded jihan too many times...
are you the same guy that updated the yejibro timelines?
yejibros is this true
we certainly hope that isn't a yejibro
yejibros what do we think about this
yejibros is this the thread?
turn it up yejibros
yejibros we are stable
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are out
yejibros II
it's okay yejibro. i am here.
yejibros we belong to megalia
yejibros we're drinking jägermeister
yejibros kpop has made me a hypersexualized add coomer
brb yejibros we are going outside to fly our micro drone :)
yejibros will we sport a manbun?
yejibros jesus is our only king
do it yejibro
yejibros we are running our hands through our buzzcut
yejibros we look just like the guy on the left
yejibros we think this guy is a loser
yejibros we are of course posting yeji for 8 nices
yejibros love is volcano
yejibros my crazy aunt keeps texting me and i want to tell her to fuck off and block her number
yejibros i cant sleep until ive eaten until im full
is that a tactic to scare away all the yejibros
yejibros we are thinking about going into the darkness
yejibros this makes us want to travel to korea and stimulate the korean economy
yejibros we are rich
yejibros I have nothing to say
yejibros the official story of the holocaust doesn't make any sense
another L for the yejibros
yejibros i took a shit more interesting looking than these girls
yejibros i shaved my head and face i look like woody harrelson in natural born killers.... i kind of like it
yejibros i live in summer bay
yejibros i'm married with children
yejibros I want to be inside every ITZY (except Yuna)
yejibros i had a wet dream my mom is gonna be so mad
yejibros why is the keyboard so far away
yejibros where is this?
yejibros..
heart to heart to heart to heart w/ the yejibros
yejibro sunbaenim
yejibros I just got stood up
yejibros who's our bias in nct?
yejibros it is 9 am we are going to sleep now
we yejibros hate twice
yejibros..
yejibros wtf is this shit
yejibros......
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're getting a high and tight this time
yejibros the more i read and play vidya instead of coming on kpg the less perverted my mind is
yejibros i finally got a boner
yejibros her feet are perfect and i feel the power balance shifting from complete yejibro domination to a ryujinsissy aquarian age
yejibros i took the lilipill
yejibros we are morose
is lisabrony a yejibro?
really? i saw a shooting star tonight too and thought of my yejibros
yejibros no
Taking Yeji as your date to the kpg Christmas party and watching the yejibros seethe
yejibros i don't like when they call me dreamroastie
really proud of you guys not interacting with the yejibros anymore. What started out as lighthearted fun quickly devolved into shitty blogposts
yejibros my internet was out for hours
yejibros we want sex and we want it now
yejibros i had two fried chicken meal deals yesterday and today i had a whopper meal
yejibros we like lucas
yejibros she looks like a man in a wig here
yejibros we are here
yejibros we deleted our clannad after story but now we want it back why are we our own worst enemy
yejibrothers why is this guy attracted to fabric softener
yejibros I'm drinking guaraná
yejibros we only date girls with untouched Roman noses, immaculate hairlines, and a deep respect for poetry
yejibros we are excited for panorama and one reeler
yejibros we officially like txt now
yejibros ive been thinking about karina all day...
find out if she's a yejibro
yejibros what do you guys think about my new helmet
yejibros my mom is getting boned by a guy younger than me
yejibros I still have some beer and a box of wine
yejibros my new headphones sound really good
yejibros we are rooting for internacional
who is yejibros?
The yejibros are all dead. The YUNKYMEN killed them.
where are the yejibros
yejibros why is our jihan wearing the least clothing in this video?
yejibros I
yejibros why does nothing give me hope or happiness anymore?
yejibros how do i quench my infernal lust towards asian women?
yejibros im gonna do it to ryuchin
yejibros we're constipated
yejibros dinner is ready
yejibros why are they taking photos of a trashcan
yejibros we watched cute rennaissance dancers on youtube and now are white supremacists again
yejibros I have a chance to do THAT tonight but I think I am going to chicken out
the yejibro says:
need a yejibro mommy so bad
yejibros yeeeees
i agree with this yejibro
yejibros, get in here
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are gae
yejibros we are here
yejibros we might be bipolar
yejibros there is bacteria colonizing our armpits that are making us stink
yejibros it's nap time
yejibros we are watching shark week reruns
yejibros where is sharkanda
Who is yejibros?
where are the yejibros
yejibros time to work
yejibros how much for a decent crew sized submarine
yejibros the last firefox i used was version 3 but now they're on version 83 wtf
yejibros we wish we were big black chads with skull caps and hardened but lovable personalities
RIP yejibro
yejibros, natha daged aen!
yejibros how are we doing in destroy dick december
yejibros did we like days gone? i'm thinking about buying it, but the reviews are mostly milquetoast
yejibros stop pretending to be gay, i hate the gays
yejibros is it gae to like men feet
yejibros we want to hold hands with her while walking down city streets at night
yejibros is it gae to be homosexual
yejibros this gift from satan got me through college
yejibros we saw babymetal live one time
we're called yejibros and our illness doesn't define us
you're thinking of yejibros
hello yejibros good morning
did yejibros get dysentery?
yejibros we are going to the big rock candy mountain
yejibros we are here
get off the streets yejibro it's not safe
yejibros is it gae to drink your own cum?
yejibros we hustlin
yejibros i hate human beings so much
yejibros what is going on in /qa/
yejibros i love onions juice
yejibros it got so cold last night the water spigot froze
yejibros did i ever tell you about the time sohee read my vlive comment on her birthday
yejibros we're getting real tired of people mocking our cranium shape
BASED. yejibros we take no Ls
yejibros we're here
yejibros we don't want power
yejibros we crave power and prestige
that was meant for losers like you actually, the W is meant for all the yejibros, i can carry all the W's because i am a big strong sharkman
yejibros we started tracking our time spent on websites and we only spent 3.5hrs on 4chan yesterday
yejibros good morning
Are yejibro bones going to snap under the weight of many unstoppable Ls again?
yejibros what do we think about this?
yejibros we know that sometimes you just have to smack the bitch, it's not cruelty, but hard love
is this our fate yejibros after all these L's?
yejibros what should I blow my NNN load to
mfw yet another L for yejibros
yejibros *pectorial muscles twitch, popping the buttons off of my shirt*... i am becoming... something much more...
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
-jannies delete /yeji/, yejibros seek asylum in /kpg/
-48 yejibros will die in their sleep 48
-yejibros got trampstamps on their foreheads saying BLACKS ONLY with arrows running down their cheeks pointing at their mouths
i guess us yejibros weren't as united as we claimed...
yejibros love niziu though
yejibros we couldn't handle the weight of all the Ls, where were you when we yelled the yejicall?
yejibros we did NOT take any Ls last thread
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooo
this ryujinchad shit is fucking cringe, knock off yejibros
the state of yejibros
This is another major L incident on the yejibro timeline
just look at those perfect feet... another L for us yejibros
because you are ryujinsissy pretending to be a yejibro and you dont really want to cut off her feet and yeji beats ryujin at everything, everyone on kpg knows this
yejibros we're not going to die in any ditches
yejibros in your area
where are the yejibros
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're listening to imbred
yejibros why are we still shy?
yejibros our lastfm isnt working and now we dont even want to listen to music
yejibros we want to buy a weighted blanket now but don't want to look like fags
no wait it might have been yejibro, let him go
yejibros i fell asleep with a gidle song on repeat and now its in my 2020 spotify top 5 even though i don't even like gidle
yejibros we have panic attacks when we get too high
would you kiss a yejibro if she was a very hot girl that happens to have a penis
any bros other than the yejibros are mostly not insane
yejibros we're watching lewd clips on afreeca
yejibros I spent 72,206 minutes listening to kpop
yejibros i ate too much fried chicken
yejibros i've been doing a lot of research and i've discovered that the holocaust didn't actually happen
yejibros i'm eating fried chicken
yejibros... we just blasted to lia...
yejibro your have good taste
uhh, yejibros... i'm not feeling so good
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i may be paranoid but not gae
i have relationships with women and sex with yejibros
yejibros we filtered the tripfag
yejibros did you hear the news /qa/ is saved soijaks are banned its safe now
yejibros what is happening
time to yejibro (watch flamengo vs racing)
yejibros we are watching flamengo v racing
yejibros I *cough* i think i have *cough* the chinese virus
yejibros we are siding with enbie and chuds and not soijaks
yejibros they stole my meme idea
yejibros baby yoda looks like yeji
yejibros i am The Sharkalorian
yejibros i lost a wojack duel ...
yejibros i am eating rice with tuna
yejibros i am the wielder of gae bulg
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros i am gae
yejibros i did not have sexual relations with that woman
yejibros we are watching asian girls stretching
yejibros we want to scream and break things
yejibros we would
calm down yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros i just applied for a job
yejibros my neighbour and his entire family are all positive and they're right a roof above me. if any of them die or if i die i'll be really mad
They give the yejibros their power
yejibros i fucked up
yejibros we have pre-ordered cyberpunk 2077
yejibros we refuse to wear a mask
uh oh yejibros
yejibros why do persecuted pakistani village dwellers have a more modern smartphone than us?
yejibros I
yejibros we are here
yejibros were about to go sicko mode in the gym
yejibros i hate pitbulls so fucking much i wanna murder them all
Abusing your yejibro underling
yejibros are pretty smart imo. just maybe a bit crazy
imagine hiring a yejibro...
yejibros that job didn't pan out, the boss is a huge asshole and screamed at me all day i think i'm gonna leave
yejibros i just saw jiheon's phiet
yejibros it's going down
yejibros we tryna clean em
thought you said yejibros, got nervous for a second haha
why are yejibro threads on /v/?
yejibros im gonna join
good morning yejibros i started watching the mandalorian
getting over it with bennet foddy is the quintessential game of yejibros
yejibros do we like eating yeji's piss and shit
yejibros we want to replay nioh but it would light our now-toaster computers on fire
yejibros how do we enable 3rd person view in our lives?
yejibros why is porn banned in korea
la di da but the yejibro version
yejibros? what is your favourite song, yejibros?
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros, im already a demon
yejibros why are we here?
Is it too late to join the legion of yejibros?
yejibros our falsetto sounds too damn girly
yejibros it's over for us
yejibros, we are promoters of intercrural
yejibros yuna is so hot
any time yejibro
thank you yejibro
big dub for us yejibros
believe yejibros
trust yejibros
yejibros, we like foxes
fuckers in school telling me, always in the barber shop "yejibro ain't 'bout this, yejibro ain't 'bout that" my boy a SM on fucking Sharkanda and them, he, he, they say that nigga don't be putting in no work shut the fuck up y'all niggas ain't know shit all y'all motherfuckers talkin' about "yejibro ain't no hitter, yejibro ain't this, yejibro a fake" shut the fuck up y'all don't live with that nigga y'all know that nigga got caught with a ratchet shootin' at ketchys and shit, nigga been on probation since fuckin' I don't know when, motherfucker, stop fuckin' playin' him like that, them niggas savages out there if I catch another motherfucker talking sweet about yejibro i'm fucking beatin' they ass
Who is this yejibro?
you have achieved enlightenment yejibro
yejibro, you cheated the entire month coming here
yejibros iv just had a major realisation
yejibros we should do that thing where if none of us get engaged before 35 we marry each other
yejibros they are threatening to send us to the glue factory if we miss one more race
yejibros blogpost
yejibros we are a danger to our self or others
yejibros are we sending dickpics
yejibros..
yejibros do we really have no time for haters?
yejibros we go dumb litty
yejibros i smell bad brb gonna take a shower and cry for a bit
yejibros im gonna take a shower before going to sleep
I wanna hear that yejibro's joke
yejibros I think the mods finally realised that we never talk about music here
real yejibros love yeji's feet
you are NOT a yejibro
yejibros what does sneed mean
yejibros we are here
yejibros...
yejibros my joke got lost in the deletion
yejibros whats the meta today
yejibros watch this movie
any yejibros in here
yejibros? more like mentally ill schizos
yejibros are very smart
are yejibros good guys or bad guys?
yejibros are we watching jinny
wtf retard you made my yejibro run away
yejibros I won't be able to post as much this week but I'll be black soon.
yejibros we are in a deja vu loop
yejibros we just spent like 15 minutes admiring ourselves in the mirror
yejibros what's a bobo?
yejibros i just peed my pants and clogged the toilet at work
yejibros we're not reading this
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we're grooving out to chungha
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we will complete nnn in a few hours
yejibros
yejibros we only read trustworthy and objective news sites like allkpop and koreaboo
based rich yejibro
yejibros i would suck tom holland's dick
yejibros... im not a chad...
yejibros we believe that yoon from stayc is a boy with long hair
yejibros my dad calls me faghetti
yejibros we live by the manusmrti
yejibros we joined the Lumenwood Kin to get closer to Karina
yejibros are we buying cyberpunk 2077?
yejibros do we like soeun
Why is everyone a yejibro?
yejibros what covenant do i join?
yejibros theres a twiceshitter in my guild and i dont know how to confront them
yejibros i really really like this song
mfw yet another L for yejibros
yejibros my mom is making me take a bath
godtier yejibro right ther
it was some behavioral expert yejibro
janie yejibro deleted twice thread yesterday
yejibros authentic forms of dopamine release through accomplishments feel so much better than porn induced dopamine spurts
yejibros i keep getting confused by that guy that says yeribros
yejibros we just about had it
We are fuckin hideous yejibro
yejibros what is an intel and amd ryzen
yejibros we tried all morning but we couldn't take a cute selfie
yejibro...
this is why yejibros migrated to amd ryzen
yejibro, why are you stuttering?
fuck a black mamamamamaba all my yejibros hate a black mamamamamaaba
yejibros i miss red velvet so much
yejibros we shit in a bun and called it a turkey sammich
big L for yejibronies as usual
id fuck a yejibro
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros the sun is out
yejibros we are going to get an ice cream cone
yejibros rate my gf
based yejibro
yejibros i shidded
yejibros we're saving ourselves until marriage
yejibros we would let ryujin have her way with us
uh...yejibros?
yejibros we are winning
yejibros will get both
yejibros i don't know where tf i put my steel toed boots
yejibros yeji did a vlive but there was a disgusting zit on her face yuck
yejibros should I dig it in deep or just do a quick light one
yejibros i showed my dad my buzzcut and he said i look like some psychotic guy that just got out of prison
yejibros...
yejibros are a cowardly superstitious lot
yejibros i'm gonna do it
hold on yejibros first we have to anew our buzzcuts then hit the showers
see you in the showers yejibros
yejibros we are beautiful on the inside
she loves her yejibros and we love her
yejibros yeji looks like shit without makeup
yejibros we are going to get jacked
yejibros i can't this vlive anymore the sound of her eating is so disgusting
fun fact: the average yejibro knows at least 6 languages (including korean)
yejibros wtf this bitch talking about
yejibros get in here
yejibros my family gave me money and i'm going to buy a new guitar instead of spending it on prostitutes
yejibros this isn't true because yeji's breasts are more beautiful, as she isn't a slut who did drugs pre-debut
yejibros we are ashamed of yeji's flatness and feel inadequate compared to karinabulls
yejibrooos what did we think of this
yejibros there's a storm a-brewin
yejibros i made that post
yejibros we are leaving even more quickly
noooooooooo yejibros so close
yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i am having a hard time of keeping track of where we are at any given moment in time
yejibros we're here
yejibros lets get it
yejibros my birthday just ended
yejibros I fucked my sleep schedule over break and now I'm not sure Ill be able to wake up in the morning (been waking up at 4 pm and going to sleep at 8am) what do?
yejibros today we will use a mint for our breath
yejibros, you are really supportive and it has shown in the last few threads. but one day it might not be enough.
how many layers of conspiracy am i yejibros?
yejibros, we are on winning streak
massive W for yejibros
yejibro why did you deleted my thread?
yejibros to the rescue
yejibro, yejibro
yejibros what's out pronoun?
yejibros.... el chicharrón.......
yejibros that one bit in gerald's game made me cringe and not in the cringey reddit twitter way
hello yejibros good evening im eating pan casero con chicharrón
Yejibros I wont stop you if you want to end it all. Just tell me when you do. At least one yejibro will remember you.
yejibros i just wanna end it all
yejibros sometimes when im alone all by myself i pretend that im talking to my waifu and i do her voice and all that. and sometimes i'll even hold my own hands and pretend im holding hands with her
yejibros our brain dont work really good
yejibros were taking estrogen and going to london.....
yejibros we're simping here
yejibro you are hereby expelled from the yejibrotherhood. we don't take losers. leave your membership card and yejidildo at the HQ tomorrow
yejibros we don't enjoy anything anymore we have to stop forcing ourselves into being creative people we are not special in any way and that should be ok.
yejibros its another night of suffering
yejibros we don't bully chewy posters here we are not rude
yejibros i have a confession to make. i'm gay.
yejibros we will prevail
yejibros straight kill me knowing that they prankstas this is going out to kpg gangstas
yejibros im alone again, naturally...
was terry davis a yejibro
yejibros singlehandedly keep the schizophrenia pill industry afloat
yejibros are bigger than this general, site or the kpop industry
leaving kpg for 10 years and when you come back yejibros have gone extinct and you're the only one left
yejibros are we cringe
yejibros if sera can forget to take her meds then so can we
yejibros yeji is smart
yejibros shadowlands won't run on my potato
yejibros stand for the national anthem
yejibros we use too much soap in our laundry and now all our shirts chafe our sensitive nipples
yejibros we are feeling very sick and ill
yejibros we are animists
yejibros i ate a lot of peanuts yesterday and today my shit looked and smelled like chunky peanut butter
would you yejibros? be honest
how many yejibros in
yejibros it's snowing actually
yejibros im feeling good today
yejibros i just got gnomed
yejibros its raining
yejibros I am going to say the n word
haha yejibros she's calling someone on a banana!
yejibros I...
just us yejibros
yejibros
yejibros who is tanelya
yejibros we are half chub
yejibros do we like big black women?
yejibros heejin looks like our russian asian mixed camgirls
yejibros how do we feel about minecraft
yejibros we made it
yejibros im brown but not small
brother who is that negra? yejibros i would
hello yejibros i want to be a yejibro
yejibros yeji yejibro yejibruh
yejibros its the end of the weekend, are we ready for another soulcrushing 40 hours of working?
goodbye yejibros
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros...
yejibros we're here
yejibros she's 31 today
yejibros I
yejibros we understand the end is the beginning and the beginning is the beginning of the end
yejibros we want greater perspective
yejibros we sat on our ankle and now it feels weird
yejibros i just farted in my hand come sniff it
the yejibro collective it's getting a bit homoerotic lately
its a yejibro all the other yejibros use
who is this ryujinsissy, a real character or a yejibro archetype?
yejibros we are black gae and proud
yejibros the cable guy was a good movie
yejibros is this true?
another L for the yejibros
yejibros today will suck
yejibros we like korean booba
yejibros i didnt realize there was a new thread for about 10 minutes
yejibros lets go to the park and toss the pigskin
yejibros kpop has made us hypersexualized
yejibros do we like nct u
yejibros i spilled wine all over the kitchen
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros do not subscribe to the jewish brainwashing channel that is netflix fuck off pretender
yejibros we're watching the classic the cable guy from jim carrey on netflix
good morning yejibros
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros lets build a cathedral
yejibros we are jump roping and breathing heavily
yejibros we'd be all on that
yejibros we watched a random akbingo episode and it was funny
yejibros should I get into Dreamcatcher?
yejibros we're out
yejibros wtf is a busanese
my estimation is a yejibro could do it in let's say 2-3 years
yejibros why is it taking ages to for my posts to submit
Such is life in yejibro mansion
yejibros what must i do to make my back not be sore all the time
yejibros we promise to clean our rooms
what the fuck yejibros, ill never see her in the same way again
yejibros we're here
into a kpop star imagine what his skilful scalpel could do for yejibros
yejibros I
yejibros the weeknd was robbed
yejibros open your mouth 8====D
yejibros we wish wang yi ren was our chinese spy wife that hated us and implanted communist sympathies in our brain on behalf of president xi
yejibros i fell for it again
yejibros we're starting to think kpop is turning us into a braindead hypersexualised mk ultra victim coomer slave...
huge W for yejibros
before a yejibro, i am midzy
yejibros i love every member
yejibros 1 day of no kpopfap.. can I do it?
yejibros day 6 of no snus.. can I do it?
yejibros I will follow you into the dark
yejibros i have the munchies...
yejibros i need you now more than ever. i was just at subway for my daily meatball 12" served to me by the dubu lookalike. i knew she was finishing her shift soon so i waited outside for her...
yejibros we are getting white square forehead implants
yejibros we read a feminist book and we're afraid of white women
yejibros imma get some leftover chicken and rice from downstairs, want anything?
yejibros...
yejibros is three times too many?
yejibros we think roy jones jr is a bitch
yejibros i dont know if what i just saw was bad, or if it was horrible
yejibros behind our hatred lies a murderous desire for love
yejibros this guy is funny
yejibros snoop dogg fucking sucks
yejibros do we do one punch then hug our opponent?
yejibros whats the best way to end it instantly
yejibros general
yejibros how do i get rid of the body
yejibros we are being sued by the state for fraud
yejibros i am here
yejibros we are hikikomori but our mother wants to spend time with us
yejibros its too hard to choose pics for the harem meme
keep going yejibros...
yejibros we are getting litty faded
yejibros why is it so hard
yejibros forever lets go
dont let me down yejibros
yejibros we like this song
yejibro moment
yejibros now that we know there's millions of hours of 10/10 korean girl streamer VODs on afreecatv, we know what we're going to do all december
yejibros i'm watching scary videos on the internet; in my room with the lights off, alone and im getting scared
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros i don't feel like fapping today
yejibros i like korean girl kpop more than i like korean girl asmr more than i like korean girl porn...
yejibros
i like making weeekly threads, but i shouldnt make too many in a row like lisa poster. i wont do the next one yejibro
yejibros where can i watch aqua teen hunger force
yejibros i think our nigga nate is going to get btfo by jake paul
yejibros why is pyoapples lewd asmr better than other real korean lewd asmr girls?
yejibros we ordered a cheeseburger
yejibros im scared to download this
yejibros i'm watching the x-files
where are the yejibros this saturday night
yejibros!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
any yejibros in
yejibros i can bend time
yejibros do broccoli belong in fried rice?
yejibros i blasted and now i feel like a worm
yejibros we are trying to quit snus and it's day 5 or something... help
where are the yejibros
yejibros are we backing tyson
yejibros how do we enter jennie?
that other thread was deadly early faggotry we are here yejibros
yejibros i saved that webm before it was deleted
yejibros we're listening to plus tech squeeze box
good evening yejibros
yejibros what is an onahole
yejibrothers we oppose this
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we just came back from jogging and we saw a real beaver while we were trying to improve the shape of our sharkbody. it was the first time we've seen an animal that wasn't a cat, a dog or a cow. we were really excited but we left our phone at home because the weight would only slow us down so we have no proof and now we're heartbroken because we can't share what we've seen. where do we go from here?
yejibros where is this fat balding man taking us
yejibros we want carrot cake also wony's mom looks like a mean bitch
yejibros i said something mean about dxw and i didnt mean it
hello yejibros good evening
i'm thankful for my kpg friends, the yejibros
yejibroheims... it’s over....
yejibros know everyone
yejibros...
yejibros sharks are older than trees
they say yejibros but they dont even post yeji
yejibros we are not playing a character
yejibros i would kiss this man
yejibros we're here
yejibros we like cake
yejibros i'm making italian
yejibros I have decided to follow the 8 fold path, shave my head, move to Tibet, become a mgtow, and solve the mysteries of life using nothing but my chakras
yejibros do you remember the yeji vlive from earlier?
yejibros...
yejibros i'm too relaxed rn
yejibros...
yejibros who let the tripfag in our club...
yejibros kpop for this feel?
yejibros my new hobby is sculpturing with my feces
yejibros the next thread will be a weeekly thread
yejibros II
yejibros gonna do it to this in about 12 hours
yejibros we're here
yejibros that is definitely a man
yejibros i got a world drop BOE weapon and sold it for 120k gold
yejibros yeji gets mogged here
yejibros the right side of our face is twitching
yejibros i feel like that coomer meme
yejibros i have no energy, coffee doesnt work
yejibro i can help with that erection. ill dress like ryujin and you can fuck me silly
yejibros i have an erection from all the pretty kpop idols in this thread
yejibros are so fun to post with
yejibros post an idol looking at me like im a disgusting piece of useless trash
yejibros....gotta be
yejibros we
uh yejibros
yejibros i havnet jerked off to kpop for one day now im very very very horny
we know, yejibros are faggots and mentally ill
yejibros do your pushups
yejibros it turns taxation is extortion
what should i eat yejibros
yejibros she gets mogged hard in that new video...
yejibros we only asked out one girl in our whole life, got rejected and we vow to never try it again
jeongyeon bukkake with my yejibros
yejibros how do they cut potatoes into a waffle shape?
yejibros we don't use social networks and especially not linkedin because seeing all the people more successful than us depresses us greatly
yejibros this based
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are acolytes of bob ross
yejibros we need to breed ryujin
yejibro, the wave of possibility collapses
yejibros the hana10 is close to us
yejibros we're improving the quality of kpg by introducing the topics of philosophy, practical knowledge, and discussions of alleviating the everyday ennui in search of spiritual awakening
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros are all hispanic
Are you describing yejibros?
yejibros i don't know spanish
hola que tal yejibros el abrazo inconmensurable para todos
yejibros we still would
I get the feeling that a single yejibrony samefags on every thread for yous
wtf yejibro
yejibros....
yejibros why are we still rooting for ferrari
yejibros who is this woman
yejibros...
yejibros we are getting little caesars
yejibros we have three second memories like yeji
yejibros there is something about this girl i like
yejibros yeji just hugged us
yejibros the bathtub crocodile is getting too big
protip for all yejibros:
yejibros she is up pretty late
yejibros we are unhappy, but yeji's vlives provide just enough happiness to keep us going
yejibros we are attracted to a chinese trap on douyin
Its up yejibros
yejibros is that junji
yejibros who is this long hair guy in nct he looks cool
yejibros i lost my marbles
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros good morning
you are just smelling the coom that got stuck deep inside your nostrils from when the yejibros sharkkaked your face
yejibros all my toenails are ingrown
yejibros ww@
yejibros i'm cracking beer number seven i don't care
yejibros we are embracing the hate
you love collecting coom that is why you make the yejibros coom all over the thread
yejibros I want to suck on CL's mommy milkers
the true treasure is the yejibros you meet along the way
yejibros i like treasure
not a yejibro btw
yejibros we don't eat food much anymore because it lets us get drunk faster, and also we have more money to spend on booze instead of food.
yejibros is this true
yejibros we bought a still because we're alcoholics and now we make 8L of moonshine for about $8 instead of paying $38~ per 700mL bottle
yejibros we drink sugar free sodas only
yejibros i'm quitting 4chan
yejibros more like yejinevermybros
yejibros... i had to do it.... im so sorry.....
yejibros we are going to 2023
yejibros we like em dumb
for us yejibros
yejibros i fucking hate the sun
yejibros it's snowing here
attn:yejibros
yejibros let's get the freaking corona idgaf
yejibros michael jackson is pretty good
yejibros i want to quit 4chan
yejibro...
yejibros are becoming more enlightened
yejibros i'm scared i'm slowly becoming more and more racist how do i stop
what do yejibros think of staycgirls
yejibros i think this girl is pretty
yejibros we are here
yejibros we have lost track of the ketchy argument
yejibros i love kpop
yejibros we cant stop shitting ourselves
yejibros we have sinned
yejibros we are grinding our hips to this
yejibros my tummy hurts
yejibros we want gummy sour candies to chew on
yejibros we are not gay but tranny porn tickles our fancy
yejibros we swear not by the moon
yejibros i made spaghetti and a pork chop, it was filling and comforting
yejibros the brain fog is hitting hard tonight
yejibros i like the slug girl
yejibros we're thinking about watching cheese in the trap agai
yejibros KPG doesn't understand us
yejibros love karina for bullying bg uggos
yejibros these are some bad posts
"yejibros, i..."
yejibros we subbed to these girls
the yejibros are here
I hate yejibros, but I like yeji.
where are the yejibros
yejibros, I’ve managed to scalp 6 PS5s now but only 2 XSX
yejibros do I hit on a hard 16 against an ace please hurry the dealer is annoyed and the pit boss is on his way over
yejibros this is hot
yejibros im sick of having no ram
yejibros we want a comfy gf like this
yejibros this is the catalyst of the great everglow vs dreamcatcher war
yejibros we are waiting in a van outside the convenience store for the nugu to clock out
yejibros I lost
hello yejibros good evening what are we gonna do this weekend
yejibros this guy thinks jumping around like a daddy long legs is sexy
yejibros i bought some ghanaian movie posters
yejibros we would double paper bag the girl on the right
Thank you yejibro. I'll force myself. I hate running though but I'm quite fit, could be better.
I want to improve my life but I don't know where to start. Can yejibros help?
yejibros i took a massive shit and i feel so light and nice. I've been just lying down fir the oast 30 minutes
yejibros our mission is complete
goodbye yejibros.
yejibros we are going to beat up anyone we see wearing this on the streets
yejibros help
yejibros im constipated...
yejibros if you have only a six pack you're gae
yejibros we are feeling drowsy
yejibros we dont like the new lastfm font
yejibros we just dont give a fuck
hello yejibros im gonna take a shower
it is a well known fact that back in high school all currently existing yejibros imagined freezing time and fucking their
a yejibro
yejibros are a very oppressed minority, we need to stick together brother
yejibros we had a dream we were at mcdonalds and a nice lady gave us 3 quarters and she said ‘people like us have to stick together’. brothers what does it mean?
yejibros we just hit level 2 power spike
yejibros invented world peace
yejibros....
yejibros 3 days on the new job and I think everyone already hates me
it is yejibro
yejibros is this true?
yejibros i did it to the dragon girl again
any post that starts with yejibros
yejibros look at these girls
yejibros i just discovered jerking off through my y-fronts, it changes the game completely
just we, yejibros
im yejibro
yejibros we hate long fake nails
yejibros we hate writing essays
yejibros i'm feeling hyped and upbeat but i don't know why
yejibros we are listening to this on repeat
yejibros, are we growers or showers?
yejibros we are putting mental blockades in our minds
yejibros i just deadass gripped a yankees fitted
yejibros we are in our blankies
yejibros when im frustrated i jack off so i might be the gray one
yejibros we get our knowledge from the shark herself
yejibros we have a car and our car has wheels so we have invented the wheel
yejibros hoist up the John B's sail
yejibros do we have a fixed mindset or a growth mindset?
here bro, courtesy of your friendly neighborhood yejibros bro
yejibros this song isn't too bad
yejibros we're getting plastic surgery
tina yejibro vs dxw yejibro
you know it's obvious if even the yejibros are on to it in a flash
yejibros why didn't africa invent the wheel or domesticate the zebra
yejibros catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world
yejibros we want to pick her up off her feet and hug her so tight with our muscular arms
yejibros we are having a HARD time getting away with blasting at our parents house
yejibros we just slightly lifted our ass out of the chair in order to get a fart out
yejibros we are right wing extremists
yejibros we wonder how many people around the world will die during the duration of this thread
yejibros we are growing in number and girth
yejibros we are imagining the pussy musk
yejibros imagine the smell
yejibros i nutted
yejibros 2 out of the 4 workers including myself on my night shift tested positive for corona but I tested negative
yejibros posting from a city bench
yejibros they are surrounding us we must preemptively strike
yejibros this makes me want korean gf
yejibros i dont live with my parents
yejibros we hate it when our parents are talking too loud in the morning
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros are getting crazy now
are they yejibros all out partying, scoring pussy left and right this friday or wtf is going on?
where are the yejibros?
yejibros don't fall for it
yejibros we are terminally chill
yejibros we tryna clean em
yejibros is this going to be a christmas song our just shit you buy?
yejibros I sometimes dont know what is real and what is not. especially when so many people say different things about any given topic
yejibros we are the guy that has to sweep it up
yejibros ive been using benzoyl peroxide in the past few weeks and it gave me the worst breakout of my life
yejibros we can be heroes, just for one day
yejibros na wanjeon ppijyeonneunde
yejibros will god forgive us for our sins
yejibros why is this the first search result
yejibros i googled yejibro on accident and found this
yejibros i have DDDD playing in the back of my mind
yejibros we are violently ripping ass
yejibroooooooooooooooooos
yejibros we lost
yejibros we are on a list
yejibros i want to blast but it's too cold
yejibros no one will ever love us and we have no reason to live
good morning euro-yejibros
yejibros i'm not going to sleep, it's a fucking waste of time
yejibros i am very very very tired
yejibros this is why we like kpop
me and my yejibros straight chillin
yejibros i've not been here for a few days did anything interesting happen
yejibros we want to take kyungri out for a night on the town
yejibros im hungwy
yejibros i had my glass of warm milk, im wearing my pjs and my sleep cap, my shark nightlight is on
yejibros...
yejibros ryujin is for premarital
yejibros we have ran out of things to say
yejibros we're here
yejibros we don't celebrate thanksgiving
yejibros we can't stop sharting
yejibros, how do i ace my mechanical vibrations test tomorrow
yejibros we are reading the london review of books
yejibros we dont know what hte fuc kis going on
yejibros
yejibros mom found my cum box
yejibros...im not blaming you but yejibros it doesn't fit. and now I'm bleeding.
yejibros i can't look at pictures of women without getting horny
yejibros we're doing a dolphin dance cover video
yejibros where are the good black friday deals
yejibros we want to live in there
yejibros im cooked as fuck and the rainbow bit is freaking me out
hello yejibros nooooooooooooo goodnight brothers protect yeji while we are gone very true
yejibros im already bored of shadowlands
What's with yejibros and Argetina
yejibros i am glad so many of you truely love yeji
yejibros lets create a startup
a yejibro who does not like yeji is not a brother
never heard of yeji. i'm in it for my fellow yejibros
yejibros do you really like yeji or are you in it for the culture
yejibros my glasses won't stay clean it's not possible
yejibros we're not homophobic bullies
yejibros i was alone this thanksgiving
yejibros they changed the coca cola can from 350ml to 310ml but the price is still the same
yejibros we drink 3 bottles of cheap whiskey a week
yejibros we are fapping to squid and yuna
yejibros we're consuming alcohol
yejibros we threw a temper tantrum because our mom didnt get hersheys flavored whipped cream for our pie and only got regular whipped cream
make it a maradona thread for the yejibros
yejibros this is our farewell transmission
yejibros what do you do on a thanksgiving day? im not american
yejibros happy thanksgiving to you
yejibro moment
yejibros our hollandaise turned out great and the eggs benedict were a crowd favourite
yejibros they gave me an amazon echo dot but it's fucking useless
yejibros i think kpop is a psyop and we need to break free
yejibros should i get another switch as a spare
yejibros we like idols being silly like this
yejibros we like idols with massive heads like this
yejibros i love her so much
yejibros we're here
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we have 5 minutes to live
yejibros why the fuck did no one tell me how hot she looked in wannabe
yejibros am i allowed to save these pictures on my dropbox?
yejibros Stayc makes me horny....
yejibro we're waking up from our nap
yejibros living without any income is hard
yejibros we're watching goedam tonight
yejibros it's time to eat food because im depressed
yejibros we'll count that as a W
yejibros btfo
yejibros these boiled eggs from hell are refusing to peel nicely
yejibros i ate 4 beers and half a turkey
yejibros i searched her numbers on tiktok and it didnt come up
yejibros our chair sank down because we are too fat but now we are comfy and gonna stay like this
yejibros look at this qt
yejibros do we approve of this kind of samefagging
yejibros we look like this
yejibros we still cant play a b chord
yejibros we're yejitating
yejibros my momma didnt raise no fool
yejibros i cheated on ryujinsissy with yonhisissy
yejibros i know what we must do
yejibros I ate those little white beans that come in the ikea box in the packet. My stomach hurts.
yejibros my ketchybag still hasn't arrived yet
yejibros ive only eaten some toast today but im not hungry
yejibros we are going to fuck yonhisissy silly
i need a yejibro NOW
yejibros I like astro
yejibros we forgot today was thanksgiving
we are thankful for yeji and yejibros
yejibros we pledge allegiance to xi jinping-sama
yejibros i'm listening to the smiths
yejibros we are here again
yejibros we must seize the means of production
yejibros i'm blinded by the lights
yejibros the ayys are gooks from the future
yejibros we have retard strength
yejibros hanging ten on life is great
yejibros that b****y guy clearly has mental issues
yejibros are becoming radicalized...
yejibros we are dallas diamond page
yejibros yeji has very saggy booba...
yejibros what is our finishing move
yejibros how often do we get our hair buzzed? its only been two weeks and it already doesnt look as good
yejibros we will duck the chainsaw and put this fag in the camel clutch and make him humble
but yejibros are not a race
this will not end well for the yejibros, I mean not in the long run
*rampaging through /kpg/ with a chainsaw in pure homicidal rage and committing a yejibro holocaust*
another L for the yejibros
yejibros are spreading like coronavirus! we need a vaccine now!
yejibros i'm gunna coom
I guess the yejibros still have a long way to go
actually having said that I just realized yejibros are really cool because they don't spam for no reason
it's the yejibro manifesto
yejibros for a moment i thought that not shy mv was directed by tarantino
yejibros are too powerful
yejibros do as we please
blessed are the yejibros
yejibros its just some high dollar gangster shit
wow yejibros are so kind
yejibros with the next level play
yejibros the show must go on
here is a secret given to you from one yejibro to another
yejibros...
yejibros cut day heads off wif dat choppa
yejibros we must overthrow the government
yejibros i have joined the order of the yeejai
yejibros we're indifferent to yeji
anyone's got the updated yejibro timeline?
yejibros, yet another painful shit that passed through my ass like a frag grenade ;_;
yejibros i coomed to nancy
yejibros we are not basement dwellers we live in the attic
my pp hard from watching karina, what do i do yejibros
yejibros warm me with your sweet embrace
yejibros i forgot how to triforce
yejibros i can't speak english
yejibros i'm esl and i used to pronounce it as "ye-yee"
yejibros we are joining the amish
yejibros the ayys communicate through music
yejibros, do we like karina or jinsol's titties
yejibros my parents invited me to thanksgiving, should i go spread covid to them
yejibros fight, but they never enjoy life as good as when they abuse it
yejibros we're retarded
yejibros we don't communicate with outsider devils
yejibros what the fuck is this
yejibros are rude and only talk amongst themselves
yejibros im not a yejibro but id like to be initiated
yejibros I don't know how to post watthour saying yejibros anymore
yejibros we're banning that heretic from sharkanda
yejibros i joined the night fae
yejibros we're the cancer of this general
yejibros we miss this nigga, kobe and maradona so much
yejibros i dislike americans
yejibro, it shouldn't cost more than 150 total if you go to an amp, but if you are aa (you are) you might be charged more, or they may even refuse you if you act like an aa
yejibros we put great men of history on a pedestal and worship them like gods
yejibros i want to have sex
so yejibros are reddit pseuds huh... who would have thunked
yejibro this song sucks
yejibros we dont accept the fedora tipper as one of our own
yejibros this song helps me deal with my schizophrenia
yejibros Biden raped lisa in the cock
yejibros lisa raped me
yejibros biden raped jennie
yejibros tzuyu gave me her virginity
yejibros blackpink fucking sucks
yejibros life fucking sucks
yejibros it is all coming together
i wanna live at a korean temple monastery with the yejibros
yejibros face down ass up that's the way we like to fuck
straight outta sharkton, crazy motherfucker named yejibro
yejibros everyday i'm hustlin
yejibros life is terrible but im less sad about it now of days
yejibros our dad hid our keys and we walked ten miles for a pack of cigs
yejibrooooooooooos come out to gaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
yejibros I just smoked my first cig ever
yejibros what is an angle babby
yejibros why did he say tee hee
first for yejibros
yejibros we need help opening the pickle jar
yejibros my sister brought her chad boyfriend home for thanksgiving im so frickin p*ssed
yejibros this chinese lady can get the great white
yejibros we respect the gap
yejibros we are gonna fap to nignig's fat ass
yejibrothers if you use a telecaster you are gae
yejibros we are going to pick back up the guitar
yejibros look at this
yejibros we are here
hello yejibros im back from work good morning neets
yejibros we have mastered the reptilia solo in rocksmith
yejibro spammer has now invented a new personality: karina spammer
yejibros don't fear the reaper
the yejibros are here
yejibros we wear the same glasses
what are yejibros and loona women ordering for black friday tomorrow ?
yejibros we prefer Fichte to Hegel
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're joining the islamic faith, the only way to salvage Western society
yejibros we want to be let out
yejibros we eat ramen dry like chips
yejibros korean girls are great in bed
yejibros we are no where
yejibros i think ryujinsissy gave me an std
yejibros we're here
yejibros why doesn't he want to fuck yeji
yejibros have soul
what happened to yejibros III?
yejibros II
yejibros I
yejibros i, i, i'm in the stars tonight
yejibros my advisor wants me to upgrade to from an masters in engineer to a phd...
yejibros ryujinsissy refused to let me coom
yejibros i feel so sad
yejibros we're here
any yejibros good with handling snipers?
yejibros i put a roll of mentos up my butt and now it's on fire..
yejibros i used peppermint conditioner and now my head is cold
yejibros we are going to hide in the vents of this parking garage waiting for karina to show up again and if anything goes wrong we will bring smokebombs to make a quick getaway
yejibros this is cool
yejibros my waifu jiyoon is better than yeji
yejibros we walk in the dark
yejibros im busting to arin again
yejibros get on channel 4
yejibros is there a man version of pilates i want to fix my back and neck
yejibros we are revoking our humanity
yejibros this seems a little coincidental doesn't it
yejibros i'm falling u..
yejibros i'm taking my fifth or six shit of the day
yejibros i WUBBBBAUBUBUBUBUBAWUBBBA
yejibros we will never be able to travel the stars unless we kill all the blacks
yejibros we are going to woolim mall this weekend
yejibros i'm gonna rape the liaposter
yejibros we do not using correct grammer on english
yejibros we're thinking the correct word might have been "to" instead of "into"
yejibros i really want some garlic bread
yejibros our extremities feel numb
yejibros this pic confuses me
yejibros we are a protected specieses
yejibros are fucking losers lol
yejibros we are uneducaed and have no skills for a job
yejibros our dad just got $40 worth of beer for free by sooth talking the beer truck guy
yejibros im 33 and a neet for 10 years it’s very fun
yejibros i dont miss being a neet. now i can sleep like a normal person fuck you neetjibros
yejibros goodnight see you tomorrow
yejibros i just post here any watch the days go by
yejibros if kai has a small dick we can make it
yejibros how do i stop being a coomer
yejibros this is real life anime
yejibros i did it to girls getting fucked by horses again
i dont think they are real yejibros
yejibro do you think space aliens know about yeji?
yejibros im trying to transmit an analog signal locally that can be picked up by a television from the 1970s I am using a modulator and its its the music video for not shy
this new breed of yejibros don't even care about yeji
why are there so many yejibros but so little sexualization of her
yejibros we are watching tyler1 play bully
yejibros i am here
yejibros what should we do
yejibros i'm baking some potatoes
yejibros we like gay porn
yejibros we're here
yejibros lives matter
yejibros we are gonna fap to feet and then go to sleep
yejibros i used to have this.....
yejibros i just had a ice cold glass of chocolate banana milk
do yejibros really sound like this
this is not true, yejibros are black
yejibros when are we gonna have a karina thread brothers
yejibros stay winning
yejibros do not have thread making rights
yejibros make a thread
yejibros our nipples are scratchy on our hoodie
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros i've got the spirit, but lose the feeling,
yejibros how do you coom
yejibros that fucking jihan girl agrees to everything im gonna fap to her now
yejibros some of those balloons aren't completely round...
yejibros how do i get money
yejibros i jacked off for an hour again
yejibros i did it to karina
yejibros what do we think of stayc?
yejibros we were going to post something very based but our webm took very long to upload and failed
yejibros we think nignig looks like jennie
yejibros..........
yejibros jennie is a pure angel
yejibros what do we think of yeji
it's our source of power yejibro
yejibros we would kick this ugly hoe to the curb
yejibros you cant enjoy life until you truly died
make it a karina thread for the yejibros we demand it
yejibros we die once a week
yejibros we almost complete nnn
yejibros when i close my eyes i am seeing blue
yejibros live, laugh, love is the saddest thing to hang on a wall
yejibros why is this thread so dead where is everyone
where are the yejibros
yejibros hello good evening
good evening hello yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i am broadcasting on a protected band
yejibros this girl is hella cute
yejibros i can't stop shitting
yejibros slug wants the great white
yejibros it feels like 3am but it is only 745
yejibros i'm playing the original zelda
yejibros we can’t play our video games without windows 10
yejibros we have the power to make viruses that would end the global economy but we don't unleash them because we enjoy life
yejibros imagine not using windows 10
brother i asked the yejibros not the chuustews
yejibros what does dallajin mean
yejibros olivia makes my pp point to the sky
yejibros am I allowed to kiss Karina?
yejibros we are out of smokes
good choice yejibro
yejibros we think this guy is a faggot
yejibros we think yeonwoo has too much unnecessary fat
yejibros we miss fapping to yeonwoo's fat ass
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros we think this is the soty of the year
yejibros we are attracted to this man
yejibros ours smell like salsa picante
yejibros i just farted and it smelt like carrots
yejibros my anus is bleeding
yejibros i am now sexually attracted to sloths
yejibros this sounds like music from our country
yejibros don't actually like yeji, it's a shocking revelation
yejibros is it time for a walk?
yejibros we are pinning jennie to win the 24/7 championship
yejibros we disabled adblock on youtube to watch cherry bullet videos
99.9% of yejibros...............
95% of yejibros...
yejibros we dont even know who yeji is
yejibros waze is a good navigation app name
yejibros is this like the foobar of photo management
yejibros this is the good stuff
yejibros we value our clicks
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibro that's not a man
yejibros how do i change my ip?
yejibros we want long straight hair like him
yejibros if i ungoogle myself can i still watch youtube
yejibros this is how we imagine it will be when we arrive in korea
come here yejibro
yejibros my dad brought me home some nice kölsch beer from germany
yejibros cute korean cashier girls are so cute
yejibros, i'm addicted to this song
yejibros kiss me in the pale moonlight
yejibros love his cock
yejibros when up no more starts playing i think to myself "damn this a good song"
yejibros im not gae anymore
yejibros im gae
yejibros
yejibros i ain't got time to waste my time
come and be my love, come and be my love baby love yejibro!
huge W for yejibros
yejibros we would feel good about ourselves if mommy irene was mean to us
yejibros we're fucked
yejibros like fromis?
yejibros we tried to create new waifus but our gpu is not strong enough we need nvidia tesla v100's
now only yejibros wield such power
yejibros deadheads like this should not own animals
yejibros video killed the radio star
yejibros this is our next haircut
yejibros the surf & turf wicked shrimp and spicy tendies with fries and dr p was a good buy
yejibros there is no killing this vibe
yejibros they're selling the ps5 for 1200 dollars in paraguay
yejibros they didn't include our sauce again
yejibrothers it will all end tonight. tonight we will have our revenge.
yejibros our role models are cool villains like obadiah stane from iron man 1
yejibros i just did it to luda
yejibros whenever i see ryujin i think of our little sissy and how much she means to us
yejibros??
yejibros
yejibros get in here
y-y-yejibros...
yejibros izone is a temporary group that have come out with many lackluster albums
yejibros we look up to white men that remind us of ourselves
yejibros i want to eat an oreo cake
yejibros! we have been disrespected for the last time, we are leaving never to return!!!
yejibros heaven is life on earth
yejibros we can do a headstand for several minutes
yejibros we've started doing pilates
yejibros we love the korean booba
yejibros the time is coming for us to pour liquid gold down the throats of the tyrants
yejibros look at this phone
yejibros we were the captain of our football team
yejibros it's the time of season when love runs high
yejibros what do we think about the pokimane situation
yejibros please tell me what coveant to pick
yejibros what covenant are we joining
yejibros why are we still watching jinny's streams
yejibros are like a family i respect it they live and die together
i think yejibros are fucking retarded
yejibros this girl is a demon
yejibros our bias is Jackson
yejibros telecasters are for fucking faggots
hermAnos we can't let yejibros steal our knowledge
yejibros our band is called buzzcut
yejibros remember how we used to play
yejibros.. .
every yejibro is connected in mind and soul
yejibros our consciousness expands the globe
yejibros are hispanic hmmm
yejibros is this true ;_;
yejibros im leaving
at least you're not the yejibro spammer
yejibros we miss girls generation
yejibros aespa was a big disappointment
yejibros se nos va el diego nooooooo
yejibros we are starting to question this
good morning yejibros i am here
yejibros wizone betabunda feels good wrapped around our great white
yejibros choi yena is very cute
yejibros japs are cute
yejibros we fuck wizone
yejibros we took this pic
yejibros we are feeling a love connection to our computer
yejibros remember when bella made this very cute christmas video?
yejibros i fucking love yeoreum
yejibros i'm in love
yejibros wtf is this
yejibros we are cold
i'm attracted to beanwiga but don't tell the other yejibros
yejibros we're forming an alliance with lisabros
yejibros we're out
sounds like a w for us yejibros
you will find out in the yejibro biopic
yejibros where do we stand on wonyfapping
yejibros i dont like mia from everglow
yejibros this shark has bigger booba than yeji
yejibros i'm good-looking, but also kpop inspired me to get goo-looking again
yejibros we are getting a neovagina
yejibros i can never drink enough
yejibros there is a black in the background
yejibro that is just an innocent minor seduced by cancel culture
yejibros, I ordered a terrible flavour but I can’t just dump $10
yejibros
yejibros i finished watching gay porn and now im going to sleep good night brothers
yejibros we wear tight shirts to show off our muscles
Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, yejibros
yejibros...
if you stand in fron of a mirror at 3:00 am and repeat "yejibros..." 3 times, you'll get an instant boner.
yejibros this picture is scaring me
yejibros we are not ourselves please look at your nearest mirror you must see the truth
yejibros i have been insulted
yejibros should i watch a movie or play video games?
yejibro i would like to be wholesome but i am too sad right now
we yejibros are very wholesome 100
not gonna lie i used to hate kpg but yejibros made it good
yejibros we're about ready to slit the next person who talks shit about us's throat, let's see them talk shit with a gash in their neck spewing blood onto the concrete
yejibros should i vape weed?
yejibros
yejibros when are we posting jennie again
yejibros i miss my bowl cut. this buzz sucks
yejibros we didnt cum to this at the time and we still dont
yejibros we are pregnant
yejibros i took a week off from push ups after the stomach bulge incident and now i'm struggling to do 10
yejibros i think we are destine for prison
yejibros why is my eye twitching?
not anyone can yejibropost
yejibros don't even post anything weird
yejibros
yejibros im losing my job in less than two months, what am i gonna do?
yejibros i used to abuse meth, adderall, and propylhexedrine
don't do drugs yejibros
yejibros i will get that mah fukin tesla
yejibros i'm procrastinating a lot
yejibros pour one our for our boy townes
yejibros i got mogged at the grocery store...
hugging the yejibro so he feels better
yejibros im such a loser
unironically too many yejibros and i like yejibros
yejibros i feel sad because many men have killed themselves because they didn't have friends like you
yejibrothers im gonna take a shower
yejibros should i wait for my parents to go to bed then watch 4k weeekly videos on the big screen?
1min yejibros
yejibro that's jihan
yejibros we're depressed
yejibros we are watching racing vs flamengo
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros we are living in a simulation
yejibros who is telling the truth
yejibros im getting a rhinoplasty next week
fucking yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we used to think the composer was the most important part of the song but after listening to izone we realize the girls are also really important
yejibros if this guy can debut then we can too, we're joining NCT, no excuses
yejibros joe rogan seems off
yejibros I busted out the 2007 xbox 360 and the fans are stuck at jet engine tier from dust build up
yejibros why should i waste my great intellect posting in a thread with blackstinkers
yejibros know what i'm talking about
yejibros please rebuild sharkanda
yejibros sometimes i feel like i'm a shark posting in a school of guppies
yejibros why do the ladies want us so bad?
can a yejibro help me get the lid off the pickle jar
hello yejibros good evening 43°C here but its about to rain now
yejibros bigwigs pay big money for our advice but here we give it for free
yejibros i almost revealed our business plan
yejibros we're in a zoom meeting
yejibros this sucks
how does that sound yejibros?
yejibros i am chiefing on some green
yejibros it seems like songs about leaving your girl for the road do very well
when will yejibros die
yejibros....
youre not a true yejibro brother
ok this cuck fantasy erp thing is pretty mentally ill and I say that as a yejibro
hello yejibros im back
I'll miss all my yejibros, gowonchads, nakowarriors, slugknights and bunnybros.
another L for the yejibros
yejibros this is what we want
yejibros my willy got caught in the zipper
yejibros we are rooting for river plate
yejibros...we got cocky...
yejibros im gonna take a shower
yejibros im thinking of taking a nap
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are so happy our hachubby became so successful
yejibros my dick doesn't get up
yejibros what do you want from hachubby mart
yejibros if a book doesn't have wizards, aliens or robots in it i don't care for it
yejibros we are reading monster blood by rl stine
yejibros by 2025 we will have a tesla
yejibros what book should i read next? i've got
yejibros we saw a nice navy blue tesla model 3 on our way to get more beer and it made us want to achieve higher
yejibros look at this
yejibros that's a man of transexual variety
yejibros we are real
you guys really think yejibros exist?
yejibros are always here always united
major L for yejibros
we are all yejibros
*kiss yejibros*
are there multiple yejibros or just one with the complete white coat set samefagging?
yejibros we relay facts from the future
yejibros we love that Stayc song
yejibros i dont like cheese
yejibros i'm scared...
yejibros i had a strange dream where i was having sex with a woman with a huge clitoris and my dick couldn't fit in her vagina, it was too tight, it just hurt her
yejibros music is only something that matters when your life is easy enough to sit around and appreciate it
yejibros against christ
yejibros against christ
yejibros we are legion
yejibros against christ
yejibros against christ
yejibros we hate æspa
yejibros i only like brownest gookiest chinkiest jappiest idols
yejibros we could say very mean things but we don't because this is all very unimportant
yejibros against christ
yejibros against christ
yejibros we must destroy
Mateo was a yejibro?
based nietzsche yejibro
yejibros scientist are dumb
yejibros the out of africa replacement theory is a bunch of bull. the multiregional origin of modern humans theory is obviously correct
yejibros it's all about the game and we play it
yejibros our collection of jihan butt pics is growing
yejibros we like winter and giselle and ningning and karina
oh shit yejibro intercepted the lisa thread
yejibros how do we stop taking Ls
yejibros turns out wine does freeze in the freezer
yejibros we are here
yejibros do not listen to kpop they only listen to their own manual breathing
yes, i'm a yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros love got7
stop yejibrosing
yejibros... i think i'm becoming a karinabro....
yejibros post some cute
how did the yejibro meme already die? it's been like 3 months.
yejibros look at this butt
yejibros against christ
yejibros against christ
yejibros we must destroy
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros we're gonna get em
yejibros were a mistake
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros we must execute all jisun posters
yejibros, we hate sana sm
shut up bitch who the fuck you think you is walking into yejibro territory talking to my yejibro like that
yejibro
yejibro
yejibros we worship satan
yejibros what do we think of niziu?
yejibro that's a gravure thread...
yejibros im pregnant
yejibros someone told me i look 35 and im 24... im sad
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/yejibros%20we%20are%20here/
yejibros every time i go to the strip club the strippers touch their vaginas while looking at me is this normal
yejibros we're here
yejibros this is the good shit
yejibros if you flip your phone upside down you can see that this is another W for yejibros
yejibros why is yeji making fun of sana
yejibros how do we deal with the revelation that yeji is a xenophobic bully
yejibros i've been here for three years now
Searching for posts that contain ‘yejibros’. Returning only first 5000 of 18361 results found.
yejibros we are hiding this post
yejibros we're here
yejibros have cool buzzcuts btw
yejibros this is our mantra
yejibros my asmrfu hit the wall
yejibros we're watching the quiet family but it sucks so im posting here now
yejibros we don't need a man
yejibros we are not superficial we write novels all the time
yejibros are we sexually experienced
i hate drinking water why do yejibros insist on it?
yejibros we're running a train on these coke zeros but we suspect that can't be good for us somehow
I like yeji but i wouldnt call myself a yejibro
yejibros i don't really see yeji as a sexual being
you have to be into it or you can't be a yejibro
yejibros i coomed to a yooa fancam where she had a really padded bra on
yejibros i'm getting sick :((
yejibros yooa is my favorite idol when im horny
yejibros we're here!
yejibros we kangz blasted today :)
yejibros do we like korean racing models?
mister yejibro
yejibros we feel our breathing and we feel calm for once
yejibros i got my ass beat
yejibros only seven days to go
yejibros i just ordered some used teen panties after watching this review
yejibros i think this girl is prettier than yeji
yejibro you are gay, i want to die
yejibro perhaps you should take a long break from drinking, for your health
yejibros i'm 14 drinks deep but i'm so hardened it feels like nothing
yejibros we are making pixelart
yejibros I just pissed all over the floor and I don't know how to proceed
yejibro no only nerds eat beans
yejibros we are riding that post coom buzz
yejibros im gonna eat beans
yejibros what is a handjob?
yejibros we are immortal
yejibros we are gae
yejibros is this true?
I’d appreciate it if yejibros only posted gifs while I am phone posting
yejibros i'm drinking way too much
j's voice is deeper than any yejibro's
yejibros we are deeply invested in cryptocurrency
yejibros my nitro isnt working
im just a yejibro that loves weeekly
yejibros im trying to get into animal crossing but it’s so frickin boring and gay
yejibros i want this haircut
yejibros we swear it by the moon
yejibros for the horde!!!!
stop yejibro-posting you fuckers
yejibros, get in the fag bag
yejibros look at this . . . . .
yejibros have consulted about it and we all agree, uber eats guy you're in the flat
yejibros my uber eats guy just called me a queer after giving me my burrito im so FRICKIN mad im gonna punch my wall
yejibros what if yeji has a dick... epic or not?
yejibros im eating eggs
yejibros I think we have to help a fellow brother turn his life around
yejibros we went to Subway and robbed the gook bitch now we got enough for good quality meth
yejibros apparently the Subway girl was 10x cuter than Dubu
yejibros we went to Subway and the girl making our sub looked like Dubu
yejibros our fusion 360 educational license is expiring in a couple months
yejibros I hurt myself again...badly
we did it yejibros
make it a karina thread for the yejibros
yejibros i'm falling for ouju...
yejibros
yejibros why do people eat mcdonalds when 10 cents could get you a piece of fresh bread roast beef and gruyere cheese of which you will enjoy far more
yejibros ive been here long enough to have known better and not clicked that
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros all our complaints are just posturing, screaming into the void as if our despair is worth something. it is not, and it will never fix us. it will never get easier, and there is nothing to wait for. we must give up everything - our pathetic short term comforts, our endless hypocrisy, our constant writhing. we must give it all up. to let go of our current selves so that we may become the yejibros we wish to be.
yejibros, our target is dead ahead. we can see it from our little cage of habits and normalcy. it is time to take a step forward
yejibros we have been posting on the kpg for six years and our shitposts are still shit
yejibros are very creative
yejibros, I cant get in to the shadowlands
hello yejibros good evening
work on your crops friend i recommend using the pen tool for precise selections but i still havent figured out how to do hair very well but i am sure there are great photoshop tutorials to help with that, personally i really like this channel that a yejibro recommended to me
yejibros do we subscribe to the a-theory or b-theory of time?
hello yejibrothers, i painted my front door today without knowing anything about painting i think it looks good brothers thanks
yejibros we are NEETs and we love it
yejibros i have corona and it's not a big deal
yejibros we do not use proprietary software
yejibros adobe premiere pro is too advanced for us
yejibros are we horde or alliance?
yejibros what's our one year plan and how do we manage to stick to it and put in the daily effort
yejibros we were buying something from ebay and agreed on a collection date and he took it down, but now he's put it back up and hasn't said anything. are we getting scammed?
yejibros we don't even know what that is
yejibros we like the green sweater girl
yejibro do not give up
being sincere and positive is not cringe yejibros
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros we have sinned
i'd kill my yejibros if it meant karina would give me a footjob and stared into my eyes the whole time
any yejibros?
yejibros im shaped like a pear and smell like rotten food
yejibros I lost, belle delphine made me lose it...I'm not strong like you brothers. Can I find the path again.
yejibros we're here
yejibro blogposting is much more tolerable than anything mentioned above
yejibros we're listening to yuttadhammo bhikkhu
yejibros i'm listening to screamo
all my yejibros hate a mamba
yejibros this anon is a liar
yejibros i want to have sex with every woman
yejibros we are here
yejibros are required to be gym rats now
yejibros i just woke up and already i feel like i need a drink
senum bros we only pick fights with yejibros
friendly reminder that you can't be a yejibro if you're east indian
yejibros we got btfo
where are the yejibros
yejibroooooooos
damn yejibros i'm looking at the best restaurants in the city to go to on my birthday and this french restaurant i took a bitch to one time is on the list and she didn't even appreciate it or put out
brother all yejibros are chads
yejibros i haven't had sex in nearly 5 months
yejibros do we like ir or not
yejibrothers stop making early threads
yejibros yeji can get it
yejibros, our titties are very soft
yejibros why are russian and jewish women so much hotter than other white women? why are white women so unsexy?
yejibros i drank too much and passed out in my clothes
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros never die
yejibros this is cute
yejibros why is bill gates always being interviewed about covid-19? he isn't a politician/policy maker nor a doctor/health worker. why does his opinions matter? it's not within his area of expertise.
yejibros there is a penis in the catalog
yejibros how do you like your morning eggs?
yejibro's we're here
here's your yejibro bro
is this a yejibro
yejibros this is a W for us
yejibros we are faded every night we're drunk and wasted
yejibros we think ethics are superior to morals
yejibros what the fuck
i imagine apu apustaja pepes every time i read yejibro posts
yejibro?
yejibros the captchas keep getting harder to solve
yejibros i'm trying to fix a cracked foundation but I can't find any metal stucco lath
yejibros we have vague memories of being molested as a child but we don't know if they're real
yejibros we are becoming f*ggot superstars
why are yejibros such bad fathers
it's said that the sons of yejibros are left outside the city walls at night and only those capable of defending themselves from wolves immediately at birth make it into adulthood...
Searching for posts that contain ‘yejibros’. 18232 results found.
yejibros this dude just equated monkey to sexy
yejibros when nothing comes out and it doesn't feel good anymore that's when we stop
twice or yejibros?
yejibros i drank too much and now i keep peeing every 10 minutes
yejibros we like the original sound by marlenea23
yejibros we are not creators we are destroyers
see you in the showers yejibros
yejibros what would be your lineup for an all-monolids supergroup
yejibro.jpg
this is what a real yejibro looks like
yejibros we are doing amazing and we are also sweeties
would bet my life's savings yejibro bought itzy albums and that twitter cunt owns none
it's one guy yejibros are very popular with the ladies
makes sense, kpg yejibros are well adjusted individuals with an occasional erping session
yejibros pee pee poo poo
yejibros
yejibros i see a lot of people prefacing their blogposts with our name
he was on one of the screens for one of those online concerts with yeji on his forehead like that, people assumed it was a kpg yejibro so he posted here to prove it
yejibros we had nightmares
what's the story of the yejibro, why did he upload his photo?
yejibros there are hundreds of us
yejibros we are legion
yejibros we wish we would feel special
yejibros we're falling for winter
yejibros i just got a creepy call from an unknown number
yejibros i cant take it anymore... im finally going to be with her...
yejibros i jerked off to chinese femdom porn the other day and it was a lot like irene yelling at that guy
yejibrooooooooooos
yejibros how are we fighting the depression?
yejibros who is your favorite korean racing model? we all like korean racing models right?
we did it yejibros
yejibros we are here
*yejibros
this song reminded me of the yejibros
yejibros imma go eat chocolate and coffee but it doesnt make the sadness go away
yejibros these are the end times
yejibros im a loser...
yejibros translate this
yejibros the uggoshitters are going to fight
yejibros my father was annoying me so i told my mom about his porn-habit and now he won't talk to me
yejibrooooooooooos it's happening
yejibrows we're about to cooom
yejibros we want a gf like her
yejibros we want to fuck minju's little sister
yejibros we are binge-watching yeonmi park north korea videos on youtube yeonmi park is the queen of all korean streamers
yejibros we will stop blogposting in 2021
yejibros i am going to purchase a 2080 super laptop despite the superior desktop performance
yejibros we WILL get a north korean defector gf in 2021
yejibro...
Goodnight yejibros, wonychads and mommy posters
yejibros i dont feel like losing to kpop fancams im too tired
yejibros we are invading north korea
yejibros the struggle is worth it, never give up, fight for the satisfaction of knowing that you never surrendered, never bowed your head
yejibros can you post the picture of yeji with the squinty eyes
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros stay being mentally ill
yejibros come closer. i can feel the end coming. but before i go i must tell you.
yejibros my room is cold and im going to make a latte
yejibros we're watching the smelee tourney
yejibros ill see you in the next thread
This is for all the independent yejibros
yejibros we don't need a man (what?)
yejibros i fell asleep in the bathtub again but it felt good
yejibros stay winning
the life of a yejibro
yejibros is taker coming back for survivor series?
yejibros they keep callling me gay and a roastie
yejibros we realised that the master in hegel's philosophy is pathetic and now are using taoism to overcome our need for approval
yejibros we're changing things up by using light themes after almost a decade of dark themes
another L for the yejibros
all yejibros must post cock otherwise they're roastie scum
yejibros my lips were dry and hurt so i put lip balm on now they dont hurt
yejibros im very bad at driving
yejibros i keep getting muted for posting yeji
yejibros what religion do we join?
yejibros we didn't fall for it this time
yejibros? more like yejisisters
and yejibros actually like yeji
theres literally a squid fapper and "yejibros"
yejibros should i sign up on twitter
yejibros we're huge faggots
t. yejibro
i just buzzcut my hair. am i now a yejibro?
yejibros we like giselle
the yejibros and the yejisisters
yejibros we are here
yejibros i just want to feel the touch of a woman (preferably a kpop idol)
me too yejibro...
yejibros.jpg
arinthread for the hornyposting yejibros
make it a karina thread for the yejibros
next cb is march 13th 2021. save for that and get a buzzcut like yejibros
yejibros im watching korean girls do close up asmr it feels really good
yejibros i want her
yejibros is it gay to suck your own dick?
yejibros i like karina
yejibros we think Waves is the best song off TLOP
yejibros I want to kiss this girl
yejibros what is the best free hypervisor
yejibros would jihan agree to anything
yejibros why is karina so hot
yejibros i found a pic that maybe talking about us
joinned a yejibros group on facebook. so many of you guys are filipino
yejibros post your most based yeji
yejibros i just moved in to my new apartment.
yejibros we have a very difficult match today but we need to win
yejibros good morning
draining yejibro balls
yejibros...what if sixteen was rigged...
yejibros i have no ability to post anything interesting but feel entitled to you's so i just spam the same tired meme over and over
yejibro there was poop on the blanket she didn't use an enema
yejibros we fucked a fat chick in the butt for the first time yesterday
yejibros smoking weed makes us nauseous now
good morning yejibros
la di da, yejibro
yejibros we're tired of working the night shift
How can yejibros shamelessly plagiarize nugus like this?
yejibros we're at church
where are the yejibros?
can this yejibro provide another masterpiece?
yejibros why do we like solo from jenny?
yejibros where are the answers?
yejibros, we don’t tolerate kpop roasties
yejibros i want to suck dick
yejibros I had the realisation that the quality of my life is directly linked with the quality of my bowel movements. It may very well be the purpose of a human life, to have good bowel movements
yejibros do not open this
yejibros there's a cricket in my roof and it's incredibly loud
who has a bigger dick? lisa or yejibros?
yejibros the prison is in your own mind, you can leave at any time..
yejibros...I just pushed a L glass butane container up my ass but I'm reading the label and it says "not for internal use" what do I do? I'm Afraid if i flinch I''ll break it.
yejibros we consider ourselves rational beings but can't help buty notice patterns and numerological occurences within nature
what did you eat today yejibrother
yejibros i'm slamming a bottle of russian standard
yejibros i wore a cool shirt today and all the girls flirted with me, i read at a cafe and even the islamic girl in a cafe kept displaying herself to me and, like, nodding at herself suggestively like she wanted me to appreciate her body
yejibros we are switching to dynafit coats
yejibros we are terrified of spiders
yejibros we are watching the arnold strongman classic
yejibros what movie are we watching tonight?
yejibros we are here
come to think of it, i have seen a lot less yejibro posting lately...
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros we use k-pop to stop being coomers but what if we are still coomers
yejibros i want a janeway mommywife. who is a comparable idol?
yejibros we love taeyeon and kwon mina
yejibros i am watching that episode of voyager with george costanza in it
yejibros i sharted and it felt so good
yejibros we are going to become beauty gurus
yejibros we are in the process of letting out a shart
yejibros we are a watching old home videos and in one i said "i sharted"
yejibros do we partake in the posting of underage idols?
yejibros are we doing things to improve our quality of life?
yejibros..
yejibros that was bait right?
yejibros we are becoming enchanted forest spirits
yejibros my sense are failing me
the mind of a yejibro works in mysterious ways
yejibros....My step dad just...iduno. he walked into my room and laid down next to me on the bed then just moaned alot then walked out.
any yejibros in?
yejibros how do i filter all kpg posts except yejibro posts
yejibros look at this fuckin chud
hello yejibros good evening im watching the x files
yejibros we're retarded
yejibros i am watching ds9
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're here
yejibros we want the bird girl to rejoin loona
would you kiss a yejibro?
I don't even like Yeji tbqh but I must stay loyal to my yejibros
yejibros our images arent loading
yejibros
yejibros we're afraid that's a transexual
yejibros stay winning
actually, i lied. sometimes i falseflag as a yejibro. i don't like yeji or itzy. but i never post anything malicious, just dumb inoffensive shit.
yejibros we have to admit that yunky is very attractive here
yejibros we stanned loona and now we've transitioned
yejibros we don't need a man
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros im depressed i hate myself
i actually really enjoyed posting with yejibros for months now but im gonna go ahead and filter everything yejirelated now thanks to your retarded post
yejibros i watched a sick video of a guy doing pushups on a cat and the cat was gasping for air and screaming he was torturing it and he killed it i feel sick and deeply upset i feel so terrible
yejibros my perineum keeps throbbing should I be worried
yejibros the Bulls drafted a bench warmer at #4 and we haven’t made any moves, we’re going to have a garbage year again.
yejibros im listening to black eyed peas
yejibros ryujin is pretty cute
yejibros i want this haircut
yejibros is this the truth
yejibros my max is only 3 inches
yejibros we try to watch anime but the exaggerated voices irritate us
yejibros we don’t consume soi
yejibros we got bbq ribs
yejibros im tired of winning and all these W's
this is why you cant keep a yejibro down
yejibros we're currently going 6800 IQ GIGA BAIN to suss out the impsoter...
yejibros im practicing semen retention and will be following the 8 fold path
every 2 Ls is a W, that's the life of yejibros
yejibros she cute
yejibros what do we think of the declining socioeconomic state of middle eastern countries
yejibros we are bulking
no amount of Ls can kill the yejibros. we accumulate them and continue to move and improve
how many L more are necessary to kill the yejibros?
yejibros don't get many Ls nowadays, they're very passive and find bondage in blogposting
yejibros get lots of Ws but honestly a lot of Ls too
plenty of yejibros around mate
yejibros and Ls
yejibros when i poop and my butthole stretches thats the most pleasure i get all day most days
yejibros is it normal to get sexually aroused when taking shit?
yejibros is this taytay
yejibros i want to be like batman but sharkman
yejibros i am watching batman begins (2005) with christian bale he seems like a yejibro
yejibros are we watching berry
yejibros we are here
yejibros... i retire...
yejibros do I get my wisdom teeth pulled out?
"'i guess this is growing up' - blink 182" - unknown yejibro, 2020
people say us yejibros are crazy, just a little touch, but maybe showers remind us of psycho too much
yejibros we do not partake of the devils lettuce
yejibros are afraid that when we open our eyes we'll find someone standing there
yejibros i always feel like somebody's watching me and i have no privacy
yejibros we are here
yejibros the light it burns
yejibros we fucked up our 4007th attempt to quit sugar
yejibros good morning have a good weekend brothers
yejibros it's been a long time crossing the... bridge of sighs...
talk to you later yejibros
yejibros we look like this
and a very good morning to you yejibro
yejibros what do we think of this cock
good morning yejibros
yejibros defend this
yejibros we get the cajun fries
yejibros why did you not tell me about this
yejibros we sometimes like tattoos and sometimes we don't
yejibros we feel 12 hours is the adequate amount of sleep
yejibros want an Italian B.M.T.®
yejibros that yeji scares me
yejibros, now it's dark
yejibros i'm veering to the dark side again
yejibros i bought some beer but it wasn't enough. think i'm done with beer
i cant find my bank account password i wrote down on a slip of paper yejibros
yejibros we like confucius but we feel like something is missing
yejibros i am not a real yejibro i just really like starting my posts with yejibros
yejibros we swear we are THIS close to boiling over
yejibros we didn't wait for our chili to cool down and burnt our tongue
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are getting our jars ready
yejibros pick our nose and eat them
yejibros we only like groups that are 100% korean
not shy yejibros do this
yejibros i want pringles now
yejibros we are 3d printing yeji
yejibros we are so fucking sick of the cumbrains and we can't forget how soo man cut up sulli like a cake
god damnit yejibros i did it again
imagine if kpg tried democracy and next thing you know yejibros start a military coup
yejibros will the demon's souls remake be ported to the PC
yejibros i ate asparagus and now my pee smells nasty
yejibros we are sad for america and for ourselves
yejibros we need to relive ourselves
yejibros make me a sandwich
another major L for yejibros
umm yejibros
yejibros i'm falling for the cherry girl
yejibros... just got my tests back, they say that I'm to be "euthanized for the betterment of a stable and safe society." what do?
yejibros we went too close to the light again
just us hapa manlets, yejibro
yejibros we are bulimic
wow yejibros we are very handsome and not chinlets
yejibros are worse than small browns. they are gamers
yejibros are white tho
yejibros?
yejibros we want to crawl inside the ondahole
yejibros firefox isn't tearing anymore
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros put the brown mexican kid to the right of this image
yejibros this reminds me of that one chloe moretz pic
yejibros we got chinked
where are the yejibros
yejibros we were rushed to the hospital because we tried to dance aespa’s choreography. silly us trying to act like a kpop idol again inside our room. Since the choreography video is already out in kbs channel, we tried learning the choreography. So after like two hours of practicing we finally got it !! So we're also singing too when we’ve done this shit. (The lines we did were Karina’s part). So us acting like a kpop idol we freaking exert a lot of effort dancing to it. It was all fun and games till the second chorus we freaking slipped so hard when we did the floor shit. And when we slipped we banged our freaking bookshelf and the whole shelf with books in it literally fell on us. So yeah now we are here in the hospital writing this post.
yejibros googie is flopping
yejibros im gae
hello yejibros good evening
why do the yejibros keep making fun of their girl instead of worshipping her?
nice one yejibro
yejibros we want karina to piss into our mouths
yejibros i made a baked potato, bbq porkchop and veggies for dinner tonight
yejibros we want a pet baby monkey
yejibros we arent taking responsibility
yejibros............................................ F
yejibro...
yejibros is this true
the yejibros are gone
yejibros motherfuckers
yejibros rivers released 144 more demos today, that is 649 new songs this month
yejibros we are good evening brother we are very good at sports
yejibros, I feel like I'm getting old. Maybe posting on kpg is a waste of time, after all
yejibros they keep talking
yejibros we wanted The Carol 3.0
yejibros we are scared of the weeekling who posted his worrisome literature earlier he may do something crazy
yejibros is this actually a good stretch before physical activity?
good evening yejibros
yejibros im retard yup
yejibros our solipsistic nature prevents us from discerning the objective truths of this reality and tethers us to the minute
post the yejibros pic
yejibros this looks exactly like yeji
yejibros i sat on my taint kind of weird
yejibros we have no clue what psone is
yejibros I can teach you about hermeticism and the esoteric arts
yeji knows a good yejibro is a dead yejibro
yejibros the machine elves told me my mission is not yet complete
let's do it together yejibros
don't be racist yejibro
yejibros you're already the voice inside my yead
yejibros we're using vietnamese dark taoist left hand sex magic to gain immortality
yejibros
yejibros dont care about yeji anymore
yejibros what is the teleological endpoint of the dialecticak process?
such is life in yejibro mansion
yeji wants all yejibros to die for her
yejibros plz kys
yejibros im not smart kpop for this feel?
all yejibros should cut their dicks of to make yeji happy
yejibros Monday makes our big pp the giant pp
yejibros my perineum is throbbing
yejibros we're on episode 9 of shingeki no kyojin but it's boring asf
yejibros we're going to the hyperbolic time chamber to train
yejibros i think i might be shadowbanned
yejibros we're here!
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros I broke my glasses and now my head hurts
yejibros, we like this song now
yejibros my tooth hurts a bit and i can feel the heartbeat on my tooth
yejibros we hate feminism, homosexuals, transexuals, and homophobes
yejibros what does this mean?
uh yejibros?
vs yejibros
yejibros some faggot is telling me that biblical prohibitions about crossdressing are the same thing as biblical prohibitions around eating pork and i'm so mad i'm shaking
why is math so hard yejibros im retarded
yejibros i too made a dope ass brunch
yejibros we are struggling with insomnia the past few weeks hope it goes away
yejibros i made a dopeass brunch and am feeling good
yejibros why does aespa hate kobe bryant? he was a beast
yejibros we are all in jail
yejibros we're starting a cassette collection
yejibros we're not in employment, education or training
yejibros we want to kiss a chink
where are the yejibros
yejibros she's so beautiful and talented
I wanna use a yejibros female parts....
yejibros we have both male and female genitals
yejibros look at this
yejibros we are walking
yejibros i fapped for 40 minutes
yejibros we are
yejibros i slept for 8hrs but my back hurts and i feel like shit
yejibros we're here
yejibros my glasses look very similar to these
yejibros it's pretty good
yejibros we are tall
yejibros.... yuna is taller than me..
yejibros we are karinabros
yejibros nignig kinda looks like jennie
first week of wageslaving done yejibros it wasn't that bad; now im gonna shitpost all weekend like a true yejibro
yejibros we're dropping aespa as they are too plastic
yejibros why is arin so hot
yejibros, im going to become a cutter
yejibros we are not watching this
It IQ of an average yejibro is enough to be in Mensa
yejibros we're here!
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're cashing out of crypto to invest in copper futures
yejibros we are drifting to this song
yejibros we look like this
yejibros we are not dickheads
yejibros this guy stole our hairstyle
yejibros im out of lube...
such is life in yejibro mansion
yejibros we put mayonnaise on our lasagne
yejibros my roommate looks like jiyoon
I can't type anything original too depressed yejibros
yejibros there are too many new groups i just don't care anymore
yejibros is it safe
yejibros this is kinda deep, its making me think
yejibros our parents dont know we are gay
hundreds of thousands of yejibros converted b y this image...
yejibros we just followed stayc on weibo
yejibros i think jiheon read my comment
yejibros: yejibros i...
yejibros i want to go to the liquor store but i'm too tired and lazy and and it's raining out and i don't want to interact with anyone
yejibros this is better than aespa
yejibros we're here!
yejibros it is 2 am already
yejibros lisa raped me like a rabid chimp
yejibros we live in a favela
yejibros we're watching chinese femdom again
im gonna wipe my ass with a yejibro's head
yejibros those takara webms are making me feel things
yejibros we think weed is a heavenly drug compare to alcohol
yejibros this makes me want to burn things down
why do yejibros post so many girls that arent yeji?
yejibros hyunjin looks like a beautiful girl here
yejibros my pants are tight after looking through this thread
yejibros we are emotionally scarred as they punched and lewded childyeon
yejibros we are taking braps underneath the covers and sniffing them up
yejibro wtf im listening to in keeping secrets at this very moment
yejibros we are mess
yejibros we are eagerly expecting the Stray Kids comeback.
yejibros our room is heated up now and we are not shivering anymore
yejibros my hair looks like this
yejibros we want to burn down all the places that sell alcohol in our town
yejibros alcohol doesnt do that for us anymore
yejibros we are now in a mid 00s AMV
yejibros why dose my dad listen to degenerate teenage music like 6ix9ine
yejibros we're here
yejibrother that is reasonable but please don't overheat
yejibro...
yejibros we're sick of the "if you admit that fat ugly girls are fat and ugly you're gay" meme
yejibros we know yuna's personality and ms bean's family's trillions so we pick the latter
yejibros i can't handle this anymore
yejibros i want to quit everything
sorry yejibros but yuna > yeji
yejibros were fading into obscurity and irrelevance
yejibros i'm feeling extremely anxious and out of place rn
yejibros what should i do?
yejibros why am i horny now
yejibros we want to kiss henlo
yejibros did we like gnome launch event
yejibros it's going down
yejibros what am i doing with my lifeeee
yejibros, we are here, again...
yejibros who is our favorite aespa?
yejibros i'm thinking of a 14-letter word, what is it
yejibros im playing garen
yejibros i want to dance like taemin
same yejibro but i stewed the tofu, mushrooms and spinach in a combination of teriyaki, onions and chilli sauce. the sauce itself is still steaming hot though
yejibro b
yejibros im eating rice
yejibros i'm fucking stressed
Boomer yejibro , Nice song
yejibros nuest where you at makes us cry
yejibros dun dun is such a grower
yejibros we are all learning this, no excuses
yejibros we save up enough money to travel the earth for a few years
another L for yejibros
we (yejibros) are waiting
yejibros check this out
yejibros we have to start working soon to make money to pay the bills
i just want to hangout with yejibros all day
yejibros we are very excited right now
yejibros we are excited for ok human
yejibros ublock origin just updated to 1.31.0
yejibrothers we want to make out violently with winterwiga
yejibros spicy sweet chili doritos taste blue and green
very enlightened and redpilled yejibrother
yejibros we are here
yejibros i don't want sex, only cuddles
yejibros why am i eating doo doo out of the toilet
as expected yejibros are gullible af
yejibros i tried the instant noodles that all the idols orgasm over on variety shows...its not that good :/
yejibros im warm
yejibros look my lighter has lisa on it
yejibros everything is vivid
give yejibros a couple million
she used to be so pretty 4-5 years ago. we're really sad now, yejibros
yejibros i want my next buzzcut to look exactly like this
yejibros don't know anger
yejibros we are here
yejibros
not true. im resigning as a yejibro and am officially a Karinachad now.
yejibros we like KDA better than ÆSPA
yejibros I want to have handlebars like yeji
yejibros i dont like booba anymore
yejibros why the fuck is daisy so hot
yejibros we smell a little after working out and are taking a shower now
yejibros i think i made a good point here
yejibros this is the best song i've heard all week
yejibros this what you play while you finger your lady friend
yejibros these old holes could really kick it
yejibros, I fell asleep with the plug in me again
yejibros i wish itzy had good music so i could flex on the plebs but it is very roastie tier
yejibros we should make our nutt scent into a cologne
yejibros how do we figure it all out?
to be honest yejibros i think the chinese are going to dominate
yejibros my sister called me a chud i can’t stop crying
another L for yejibros
yejibros are the ones who pushed the small brown meme to begin with, you don't belong
yejibros songs i never cared for sound pretty good after a bunch of beer
do yourself a favor yejibro
yejibros i kinda look like that guy...
yejibros i shaved and it feels good
hello yejibros
yejibros our nuttz smell real good
yejibros we're jbros now
yejibros i cleaned out my ears with a q-tip for the first time in a long time and i can actually hear better
yejibros we are wondering if Hawking radiation is real
yejibros im jew
yejibros i almost puked
hello yejibros im gonna play league
yejibros under what circumstances are hierarchical relationships acceptable?
yejibros sometimes we worry about our penis being too big for yeji
is she from here yejibros?
yejibros i thought it was friday
yejibros sometimes i wish kpg was irl so i could rko some mother fuckers
yejibros we listen to got7 with our sunglasses on
yejibros we just farted underneath the blanket and took a big whiff
yejibros we're trying to read more and go on 4chan less
yejibros we're feeling something in our pants
yejibros we spend the majority our time refurbishing muscle cars
ye ye yejibros
ye ye yejibros
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we got some breakfast!
yejibros we love dicks but only on women
yejibros my mattress sucks and my back hurts
yejibros i cant stop thinking about mcdonalds and gorging myself on bigmacs and mcfries
yejibros we are taking our dog on a walk brb
yejibros when are we finally losing our virginity?!
is udemy good for learning yejibros?
yejibro ive been fasting for 24hours and its strangely getting easier. maybe ill fast to death
yejibros we're making our 4006th attempt to quit sugar today
uh...yejibros?
yejibros we are here
yejibros i should be a diplomat
yejibros what do we think about yaeji?
yejibros king of masked singer is my favourite korean music show and now i find out the singing is edited wtf...
yejibros we like to scratch our balls and smell our hand afterwards
yejibros these sausages are going to be so good
yejibros we are looking forward to making some nice sausages in an hour or two
yejibros good morning
yejibros get it while it's hot
yejibros remember to refrain from revealing your true power level
Warm milk for yejibros
yejibros will be those philosopher hobos
yejibros i'm so horny it's physically painful
yejibros is this true
yejibros none of our basketball podcasts are uploading
yejibros im crying
yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros how do we deal with huge budget blowouts amongst one of the worst fiscal environments in the past 100 years
yejibros i need a cool e-guitar song
yejibros we are eating fruit loops
yejibros we're drinking water and staying hydrated
made for tender yejibro kisses
yejibros i want to get beer from the store but i'm too lazy
yejibros look at those femine curves
yejibros how do i whiten skintones in lightroom without blowing out highlights
yejibros send all their testosterone to yeji so she can bulk up and beat the shit out of ryujin
yejibros we all wear these leather birks
yejibros noooooooooooo
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros...
yejibros wish me luck with work tomorrow I'm anxious
yejibros we are leaving
where are the yejibros
yejibros what are our weekend plans
yejibros why do we get so nauseous every time we smoke weed
yejibros i only have $18 should i buy beer?
yejibros we've been drinking out of sheer boredom since we lost our job 3 weeks ago
yejibros we're following every aespa fansite
yejibros we're deleting our social media
yejibros what are we snorting tonight
yejibros i have awakened my 3rd eye and i finally see this world for the banal illusion it is
yejibros i made rice with teriyaki tofu, spinach, and mushrooms and it's actually pretty good
yejibros we're paranoid schizophrenics
yejibros always remember the mission
yejibros what in blue blazes is this
yejibros?
good night yejibro
why do these things always happen to good yejibros
yejibros my stomach is turning black where i pushed that lump back in
yejibros what album should i listen to
yejibros the zipper of my onesie broke off
yejibro falseflagging?
yejibros she's taller than us
yejibros we did this but with airpod pros
yejibros lavagirl hit the wall
we are yejibros
yejibros sometimes when i watch multiple camgirls at once i put on arabian background music and pretend I am a rich sultan and the whores are dancing for my amusment
yejibros i did the buzzcut and now i look like a skinny joe rogan
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros I took the buzzpill and i look like tom hardy it’s actually kind of based
yejibros are we thinking what we are thinking?
yejibros I switched over to vivaldi from google chrome and it is infinitely better
yejibros i can yejitate when i'm feeling angry but what can i do so i don't get angry in the first place?
yejibros I made this image and I'm very upset because I fucked up the crop and you see a white line on the right side and a black line on the top
yejibros we are very angry
eighteen days of nofap really makes us yejibros feel like chads
guten tag, yejibroheims
yejibros what are we listening to
big L for yejibros
tinny, why are you posting your yejibro moment?
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros follow your shart
yejibro, calm down
yejibros...
I am actually starting to think yejibros might be some of the smarter posters here
yejibros what does this post mean?
getting to desperate "yejibro" at least you're easy to filter
yejibros im gonna take a nap im very tired
yejibros love all monolid idols
Cant do that fellow yejibro, I dont have twitter
yejibros we are looking through this yejibros likes and judging him relentlessly
https://twitter.com/yejibro
just don't make a fool of yourself yejibro
yejibros, we are here
https://twitter.com/yejibro
yejibros most korean girls are sluts irl
yejibros we want to blast on that face. is that normal?
yejibros there is a ketchy in airplane mode right now trying to rig the votes!
yejibros we swear it by the moon
yejibros jennie is smirking at me again
yejibros we're eating nothing but garlic bread for dinner
yejibros my hair looks exactly like this
yejibros we just got another trinket from our weekly cache
yejibros why does yeji have a shit body brothers this isn't fair all the other 4 have better body shape than her FUCK YOU JYP
yejibros im cold
goodnight yejibros
yejibros do we hate white people?
yejibros get in here
yejibros, how do you deal with the leakage?
yejibros
yejibros we're eating ass for dinner again
is it comfy hours yet yejibros?
yejibros give me music to listen to
yejibros, how are we supposed to pleasure ourselves without a real Itzy lightstick?
yejibros what did we think of aespa's debut
yejibros we want retards who know nothing about genetics to stop talking about "genetics"
yejibros we want fat ogre sex
no this is a yejibro general
yejibros there was a cockroach in my room and now i'm afraid to put my feet on the floor
yejibros I thought my shitposts were good but they're not, I need to step my game up
yejibros we want to make out with giselle
yejibros if thou rememb'rest not the slightest folly that ever love did make thee run inot, thou has not loved
yejibros i read 5% of a novel in an hour instead of posting on 4channel
yejibros this is for pedophiles
yejibros
yejibros we feel filled with love tonight and our peenor is very soft and relaxed
yejibros we are getting a degree in CyberPsychology
yejibros my dick feels tingly
whats wrong with the world yejibros
people livin like they aint got no yejibros
yejibros we are making momma proud
yejibros i dont think ripme downloads everything from an instagram account unless you are logged in
yejibros they are leaving rude and lewd comments on seraphine's ig
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros everyone's looking for a paradise lost
yejibro this is good, "reading makes a full man"
yejibros i only read 40 pages today
yejibros, next year I will read 365 books
yejibros i took a 5 minute cold shower and now i feel like a demigod
yejibros my potatoes expired and i want to get new potatoes but i don't want to leave the house
yejibros can we be friends with the ketchybros
yejibros i've seen better models than this in the barbie movies
mfw yejibros take yet another L
yejibros i want to learn how to draw chinese cartoons
Goodnight yejibros
please send an official apology letter to the yejibro offices located in sharkanda
yejibros I'm reading Tim Larkin
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros i asked for a mail order bride for xmas
yejibros we did the peanutbutter thing with the dog again
yejibros we're closeted homosexuals
yejibros we shit the bed again
yejibros we are watching this
salute to my yejibros
hello to the yejibros
we got yejibros here who don't even know what KHVs are?
yejibros we're KHVs
yejibros we are chadsome
yejibro i love confucius
yejibros we are finally appreciating confucius after we separated his values from his political setting
yejibros we are listening to jimmy eat world
good afternoon yejibros just 2 days of being a wage slave and im already tired
yejibros i haven’t washed my hair in a week, the grease is seeping into my brain and granting me visions of immortality
yejibros we're here
yejibro thread
we're low t yejibro
make it a yejibro thread
yejibros we put the chastity belt back on
yejibros we're retarded
yejibros we are here
yejibros my wisdom teeth are coming in and it hurts real bad
yejibros i just spent an hour cleaning my computer
yejibros i read 8% of a novel in an hour and half instead of shitposting
yejibros i got a pimple on my ass
yejibros we think lisa looks like a man sometimes
yejibros is this the transexual from last thread?
going hard with the gay yejibro meme I see
yejibros that M1 chip doesn't look too bad after all
yejibros check this out
yejibros admitted liking hwasa on /qa/
yejibros i love myself no matter what, but at the same time once you start living with good actions and good habits and they really align with your morals and ethics, that only fortifies and develops more your self-confidence and self-love and becomes this big snowball that's unstoppable
yejibros i lost my left hand
yejibros what's for dinner
sucking off a yejibro
yejibros we are trickling in to the champions club arena
yejibros i'm going to make some coffee and boil some eggs
Can I help yejibro
yejibros we are gay
yejibros what are we playing in shadowlands?
yejibros our balls are heavy
yejibros she has nice toes
yejibro you think you're here by chance?
she is so beautiful yejibros
yejibros what should i order for lunch today
meth is a hell of drug yejibro
yejibros we like this
yejibros i woke up at 5am. should i go back to sleep or stay wake all day?
hug for yejibros
yejibros we like this
yejibros we are here
yejibros i'm considering doing it to pictures of winona ryder today
yejibros i bought some black truffle mayo but i can't taste any truffle just mayo
yejibros good morning
yejibros deepsukebe this
yejibros i just want my coom dripping down a woman's face and chest while she kneels before me
yejibros i'm sucking up to blinks because i'm scared and need to stay on their good graces
yejibros we are going to learn korean on duolingo so we can go to korea and breed k cuties
yejibros we think momoland mogged aespa
yejibros i still didn't make that call
yejibros we are here
yejibros i think i will buy ticket for OMG concert to support them
yejibros my life is in shambles and it won't get any better yet i am too afraid to end it all so i just living out my days the same way every day with no change
yejibros for us its lisa
yejibro...
yejibros we're remitting money to azerbaijan using skrill money transfer
yejibros we love yeji
lisabros what do we think about yejibros?
yejibros we missed the toilet bowl again
yejibros what is that necklace and what in the goddamn sweet hell is that cutie on the left
yejibros we're hungry but we're fasting
yejibros I ate too much cake and I'm feeling sick
yejibros time to SYNK out
yejibros we were too cocky
yejibros what would drake say
yejibros sometimes we put so much cream cheese on our bagels there's more cream cheese than bagel
yejibros black mamba was like a vision of sharkanda
yejibros we think hachubbys song was better
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros, we are ma ma ma mambaing
yejibros the curse is back
yejibros we like it but itzy is safe
this is a MAJOR L for yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros i can wait for karina's fa*cams
yejibros we're going to blast to aespa debut mv even if its not lewd at all
yejibros how do we reheat pizza without it sogging up in the microwave or get too hard in the oven
yejibros we are going to heat up some leftover pizza in the microwave, brb
yejibros they probed me
yejibros we need to seize the means of procreation
yejibros we forgot to take our meds and are having an out of body experience
yejibros we are in contact with extraterrestrial lifeforms
imagine making out with your fellow shredded handsome yejibro in front of yeji and getting her extremely wet
yejibros we're going to jail for fraud
yejibros the shadow people are back and i keep hearing the sound of broken glass behind me
yejibros lia is actually pretty cute
yejibros we are applying for four and a half thousand dollars in government corona relief grants so we can spend the money on alcohol instead
any yejibros wanna come over... drink a few beers.. see what happens...
yejibros we're here
yejibros we applied to harvard university but they rejected us
yejibros is this real
there are no fake yejibros
yejibros i was a fake yejibro at first but now i'm a real one
yejibros yoon and ningning are our rookiefus
yejibros doy was the lucky lady today
yejibros i think i'm gonna
yejibros i'm gonna her to
yejibros, IPX-565 is god tier. Main actress is super cute, could be a kpop idol desu...
yejibros i'm gonna
yejibros a part of me really likes this girl
We are all yejibros
are you a yejibro?
yejibros i keep failing no nut november because i can't beat the zoa boss
yejibros we're starting a titty folder
yejibros we cant stop sucking biden bwc
yejibros we wear GAP since we are gay and proud
yejibros our moms look exactly like this
yejibros forever let sgo
yejibros
yejibros will the bucks get a ring now?
yejibros lua keeps cutting her hair shorter
yejibros we're vibing to this
any yejibros wanna come over and watch netflix? i'll supply the shard
yejibros let's be more than yejibros iykwim
yejibros we are obsessed with the k-pop casting couch but keep forgetting that our waifu's purity is compromised
yejibros i just called my mother i came out of the closet to her
yejibros our wife is korean but we want to move to japan
yejibro do your pushups and call your mother
yejibros we are going to take a long shower and jerk it while fantasizing about yeji
yejibros we are going to take a long shower and reflect
yejibros we should get yous without posting
yejibros we liked this
yejibros we’ve never seen a boob irl
wtf yejibros like
yejibros we all go to hell
yejibros i dance to juicy like a little faggot
yejibro the sharpest lives are the deadliest to me
yejibros we are listening to my chemical romance
yejibros we don't know what we want
yejibros I love got7 so freakin much
any yejibros wanna go run and grab me some boba tea
yejibro...
yejibros are deceased
I haven't been here since May and I now see literal troons calling Slug a tranny. God damn this place went to shit (it was already shit). Nice to see the lisa tranny is still active too. Are yejibros still around?
yejibros we are playing higurashi
it will be a one or two word post from kshit, both of them will that is, probably yejibros..... and LOONA
yejibros is this true
yejibros where do i purchase comfortable 100% cotton white T-shirts for wearing at home
yejibros we main Horatio in Endless space 2
yejibros when i close my eyes i see pretty kpop girls smiling at me
yejibros i bent over and a big bulge came out of my stomach. i pushed it back in, but am i going to die??
yejibros i think i am evolving
yejibros do you ever have dreams of posting on kpg?
yejibros why are we getting red splotches on our face and body when when consume alcohol
yejibros goodnight
yejibros shes taller than me...
yejibros shes so cute...
yejibros we are tired of all of our waifus feet getting made fun of
yejibros I'm falling for yunky
yejibros korean tits are absolute perfection
are all women willing to cheat if a desirable opportunity presents itself? what then is the solution my yejibros?
yejibros we're all out of hummus what are we gonna do
yejibros teach me how to kiss
yejibros this song kicks butt
yejibros i made steak
yejibros we just masturbated to this
another major L for yejibros
/yejibro/i
/yejibros/i
/yejibrothers/i
yejibros report this
yejibros we are stuck trying to find the end goal of humanity
yejibros we are learning
sucking yejibro dick under the table and swallowing every last drop
yejibros I'm a lineman for the county
yejibros who is this semen demon
yejibros we're reading lovecraft
yejibros we are listening to dreamcatcher
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros 4 lyfe
yejibros i am becoming intoxicated and getting angry at the world again
pouring one out for the yejibro who died from drinking denaturated alcohol last night...
big W for the yejibros
yejibros my arms are aching from bicep day yesterday, it hurts so good
any yejibros in
yejibros our cat is gender neutral vegan
yejibros our girl is pure unlike that spoiled bitch!
yejibros do not need this as we have very short buzzcut hair.
yejibros i got a boner
yejibros we live on our parents dime.
yejibros redpill me on kpop industry complex
yejibros.png
yejibros were playing pool in warzone
yejibros do you think auschwitz had an influence over k-pop?
yejibros we're here:
yejibros we are here
yejibros we like yoon now
yejibros.png
yejibros tell me im cute
AQW is where the yejibros are at
yejibros it is all untangling in front of us
yejibros we love yunky so much
6'4 here. tempted to larp as a yejibro and post myself.
pls post a picture of urself stood next to a door and call yourself a yejibro
yejibros we are very tall
yejibros.....I just swallowed a razor blade, I read that it would help me clear my sinuses, but now I'm vomiting blood and can't really breath what do I do?
yejibros....I was doing a tiktok challenge and swallowed 40 paperclips but now my stomach hurts what should I do? I don't have insurance.
yejibro moment
yejibros i want a six-t-puzzle for this christmas thanks
yejibros this guy is a murderer
yejibross...I just rolled over and think I broke my cat's neck. she's not breathing. Is this a crime? Do I bury her do I have to report it?
yejibros i dont give a shit about yeji
love yejibros
yejibros are cool
there's only one "dreamroastie" spammer just as there's only one "yejibros" spammer
yejibros what do we think about this
I'm seriously considering becoming a yejibro just to farm some (yous) because I'm so goddam fucking lonely.
yejibros we are on the right
yejibros i just bought a 1dx mark 3
yejibros come to my house we will watch kpop music videos
yejibros we are bilardistas
yejibros i just wanted to share the good news that my dick doesnt hurt anymore, im very happy about this
yejibros we are listening to this
hello yejibros i couldn't sleep
Hey. I know nobody will help or care but I run a very modest Twice fansite based in Canada I have instagram, yt, twitter etc. But the past several week some troll has been mic spamming troll posting and otherwise ruining everything I do. and I don't even do commentary I just post picture and videos. So I googled their avatat "yejibro" and this site here is where apparently they come from. PLease stop. it's not cool it's not funny, get a life. And if anyone else here wants to help please just login and flag one of their posts so that my website owner will ban them, I can't do it on my own thanks, my website is
yejibros make it a lisa thread
yejibros how do we rescue the brave people of hong kong and the uyghur muslims from the iron grasp of the ccp?
yejibros
another L for yejibros
Birthday yejibro, what pizza are you ordering?
yejibros they are filtering us
just filters yejibros and lisaorc thing
yejibros i'm eating a pepperoni pizza
yejibros...I just ate a laundry pod, I read it would stop my diarrhea but now I feel worse what do?
yejibros good morning
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i can't sleep im too nervous for my first day
uh yejibros.... what is this...?
yejibros i want ryujin to eat my pussy
HAHA this KPG threads is for the birds. You sad people (mostly men) are just posting lewd photos of korean women under the guise of liking the music. I've gone back FOURETEEN threads and its all the same. It's just wankers posting pictures and terrible comments. zero music discussions. You should all be fucking ashamed. I'm sure you all live with you mommies. fucking sad. And guess what? I've had enough. I backtraced the most common poster, the one that called himself a "yejibro" wtf that is" and I emailed him a virus, with a note telling him that this was my fiesta.
I was in that thread. the yejibro hate the dessicant packets from his ITZY album box. lol what an idiot.
a moment of silence for the yejibro who died yesterday
I lost all my coins on 8 ball pool yejibros
they fear the yejibros
the yejibros would avenge our fallen brother
yejibros were suicidal
yejibros what is this
yejibros
yejibros we are brown on the outside
yejibros how do i ask a girl out
I just found out that the yejibros(s) are actually just one really fucking fat white guy.
yejibros before yejihoes
yejibro...
yejibro i really hate being a manlet, chinlet, jawlet, necklet, eyelet; hairlet brother why me WHY ME
i pretend she's a yejibro
yejibros when you fuck your gf do you pretend she is yeji?
you are not a yejibro stfu
yejibros and ketchys are friends
yejibros we can't remember what our profile looks like
yejibros i want to be a true nigga
yejibros we are still obsessed with this song
yejibros is this true
yejibros
yejibros what if yeji has a d*ck
yejibros i'm falling for bella...
yejibros
yejibros i might beanblast as well
yejibros what in the fresh hell is this
yejibros
yejibros i accidentally saw my sister's nudes
yejibros we hate this fat fucking bitch
yejibros ive been having to take a shit for the last two hours and im holding it in so i don't miss anything on kpg
yejibros that's a transexual
yejibros we like it when they bite a little
yejibros we hate idols with big jaws because it makes us feel insecure
yejibros we’re deeply excited for the got7 comeback, we swear it by the moon
yejibros what is this
yejibros what is a gloryhole? sounds like something related to God
yejibros we like this
yejibros if we truly understood reality we would go clinically insane and die the world will never be ready for it
where are the yejibros
yejibros....
first aespa teaser looked kino but wtf is this yejibros
yejibro you are not a yejibro anymore, us yejibros are NEETs
yejibro i already doubled my dose and you should too
yejibros this thread is making the voices angry
yejibros...
yejibros and yeji all competing for my cock
shut the fuck up yejibroroasties
yejibros we don't like the state of this thread
where did you get this picture of the yejibro leader
girls are after our virginity yejibros. protect it with your life. they smell it on us like vampires and they want to take it from us. that’s why we study bjj and fencing. we will protect our purity at all costs
99999999 is gonna be a yejibrother post
question for the yejibros, and be honest:
Nice edit yejibro, did you make it?
good thing all the yejibros are white chads
yejibros good evening
yejibros we do not have a micropenis
yejibros we've never had sex but we dont get insecure about like we used to and are generally pretty happy
yejibros let's have sex
yejibros we ain't got no motherfuckin friends
any yejibros
yejibros?
yejibros we wore our best athleisure outfit to the petfood store and it was a big W
yejibros can help you
yejibros we are checking our posture
control yourself yejibro
yejibros we are not manelts
yejibros this made me horny
yejibros mccain freezer fries are really bland and kind shit alone but i just tried dousing and tossing them in olive oil+chilli sauce+adobo to taste before putting them in the oven for 30
any yejibro lore videos
yejibros i want a kpg bf
yejibros we smoke reggie
yejibros who is yeji?
same. yejibros have evolved past yeji we are a growing organism
as a yejibro i really dont even care about yeji
yejibros abide in me, and i in you
yejibros im drinking pepsi
yejibros we are drinking tequila and edging for the next 10 hours
yejibros we're getting extra canes sauce
yejibros the lord spoke to me in a dream
yejibros we almost drowned in the pussy so we swam to the butt
yejibros are benevolent and magnanimous, it is a privilege and honor being ruled by us
yejibros men rule the world but women rule men
yejibros we are the new breed
yejibros im flying up so high
yejibros, I dreamt that I broke a door and that I released a baby bat into the wild. what does it mean?
yejibros i lost myself
yejibros my boogers taste so good
yejibros what are we listening to
yejibros why are orbits so attractive
yejibros we're not posting to get (you)s
yejibros our shit was orange
yejibros how do we get invited to a bukkake
yejibros...
yejibros we prefer weezer to kpop
good morning yejibros
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we did it
yejibros where are we
yejibros... are we someday finna find our time...
yejibros we don't ask questions like this one, it's embarrassing.
good morning yejibros
yejibros i finally drank water like you told me and now i feel like my stomach is going to explode.
where are the yejibros
yejibros ive done it to henlo am i gay now?
yejibros we like yunky's sneakers
yejibros...
yejibros we are here
good morning yejibros
yejibros we decided that winter is better looking than giselle
yejibros i just gave myself a buzz cut
still worried about this yejibro
yejibros this ramyeon is making me hiccup
yejibros suck at that game
yejibros what's op in league now
head yejibro here, i veto this banishment
yejibros i just had another (non lewd) dream about Olivia...
yejibros we enjoy bell peppers
yejibros the juice is not worth the squeeze
yejibros whats wrong with this guy
i just about had it with these fake yejibros.
shut the fuck up bitch niggas. only use yejibros when you post hwang yeji or i guarantee you i will make your life a living hell
yejibros theres a fly in my room and its really annoying me but i'm too lazy to kill it
thinking about my yejibro who poisoned himself
sucking and kissing yejibro dick
im a yejibro but i don't mind seeing her happy. she is a woman and she has her needs
yejibros i cant stop blasting to yeji's puffy vulva
yejibros who is this woman on king of masked singer
yejibros explain yourselves i thought you guys were based, not lewd
yejibros we are here
yejibros, we want to remove Squid's socks
one giant leap for yejibros
yejibros i haven't slept and i feel strange
yejibros, do we have ketchy bag?
yejibros we went to the army recruiter but they said no one with bipolar disorder
yejibros we already miss them so much
yejibros what are we doing for diwali
yejibros, Yeji would make Lisa kneel
just us yejibros
yejibro you are narrowed down a lot by that claim
yejibros we are 16500 MMR in hearthstone battlegrounds
yejibros we would fuck tinny for free
yejibro are you still alive?
yejibros we should do those kpop cupholder events for yeji and maybe she would actually show up
yejibros we just want to operate a small cafe that plays k-pop all day and customers can order breakfast sandwiches ad paninis
yejibros it's 7am i forgot to sleep again.
yejibros we like SuperM now
yejibros we look like this
yejibros we are listening to Hans zimmer
yejibros...
yejibros we are very dissapoint in LOREN
yejibros women without makeup just look like men we've been fed a lie all this time
i'm telling you yejibros are unironically connected in some way. this happens way too often.
yejibros what build should i play in this new fo4 playthrough
yejibros our left upper ab is bigger and more visible than the right pper ab we have a 7-pack
good morning/evening yejibros
yejibros i feel some of these yejibros are not true yejibros and just lonely anons but thats okay bros
sup yejibros, just had some steak for dinner and it was delicious. not sure what cut but it was wagyu - enjoyed it with some red wine
yejibros we think there's been many civilizations before us and that humanity is older than we currently think. we are freaking out.
yejibros we are denying reality and the future and we are only listening to 2007-2013 SNSD forever
yejibros we're blowing marxism to pieces
yejibros i coomed watching gay porn again
yejibros, we are having a decent enough time playing AC Valhalla and thinking about buying a physical copy of the new GFriend album. We're also thinking of listening to some kpop but can't decide on what.
that yejibro died
yejibros this might be our biggest L
yeji bros....I just drank 350l of denatured alcohol. I thought it would get me cranked but I know rubbing alcohol is poison. But now I'm reading denatured alcohol is also poison. yejibros....what do I do?
wtf yejibro we prefer Passionfruit
yejibros we are here
based yejibro
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we are beautiful
yejibros we’re heckin chads
yejibros i havent coomed in 13 days
yejibros we can say n word
are these really what yejibros look like?
nah that would be yejibros
yejibros i've never listened to a loona song
yejibros uncensored jav is kind of gross. their pussies look bruised. does kpuss look like that?
yejibros I took one for the team
yejibros im thinking of getting a burger
yejibros we are watching star trek
yejibros i am lonely
yejibros i hate playing adc
yejibros i got banned from a server for posting yeji in #general
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros my mom bought reduced fat no sugar added icecream
yejibros we got mogged again...
yejibros these are not comfy hours
yejibros act straight then tell me they cum harder with me than with a real girl
the coomcident is the biggest L in the history of yejibros
ryujinsissy made yejibro coom
ryujinsissy falseflagging as a yejibro. fucking sissy we yejibro bulls will demolish your ass ryujinsissy, you're busted
yejibros let's give eachother hjs
yejibros also look like effeminate faggots but ugly
we yejibros will be reborn from the ashes of the innocent
yejibros puts up a good fight before getting crushed under a ccp tank driven by yiren
rip yejibros
goodnight yejibros and other brothers too but not so much
yejibros we must nuke china
yejibros we have returned
yejibros we're leaving
us yejibros are used to seeing yeji get mogged since it happens every time she is pictured with yuna
seething yejibro spotted, its got to hurt seeing yeji mogged like this
yejibros these pretzels are making me thirsty
yejibros this hot sauce is hot
yejibros i really hate being a manlet WHY ME
absolutely based brother that's a huge W for yejibros
yejibros im texting a girl im very nervous about coming off as retarded
yejibros im doing 1000 crunches im feeling like Norman bates
yejibros we are 6'2" 125lb and still slowly withering away till we die
yejibros we're watching moonmoon
yejibros it's going down
yejibros this is what i want yeji to look like
yejibros we are here
yejibros they are being mean to yeji again
pay no attention to it yejibro
yejibros we look just like buddy holly
yejibros we still use netscape navigator 9
yejibros is this true or is this a microsoft shill
yejibros microsoft edge is so much faster than firefox what the fuck
yejibros ignore that link
yejibros i've been told i have a slim body, is it a bad thing?
yejibros we're drinking tom collins mix
nooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros
yejibros someone put pills in my drink
yejibros i made a sandwich with chocomilk
yejibros we like the new taemin album
yejibros I put my penis in a chinese girls vagina consensually and it felt so good
yejibros we made it to day 14
yejibros transcendental freedom from suffering is calledyejirvana, and is often misunderstood as being a kind of heaven or blissful state of experience
Not even an yejibro.. basically just some utter garbage pops into my mind, I then post it re-read it after posting and see what dogshit i just said.
yejibro...
where are the yejibros
based yejibro
yejibros we are crying and eating and cutting
yejibros im gonna nut and take a shower
yejibros i think we will post slug today
yejibros we only like feminine boys
yejibrothers we did gay things with a boy yesterday and want to do it again today
yejibros after 14 days of NNN i can't get it up anymore...
yejibros we love to grill
how's your nnn yejibros
yejibros today we will have ribeye steak
wtf yejibros have good taste?!?!?!
yejibros love is the way
yejibros im jumping
yejibros what a woman
yejibros we are now liabeans
yejibros, our moms are prostitutes and we are very fucked up
it's something yejibros heard their mom say to her clients, now they're traumatized
yejibros, we only like Asian women, not men pretending to be anime girls
yejibros we are here
yejithread for the yejibros
you know, just yejibro stuff
yejibros, what are we doing tonight?
yejibros this makes me feel funny
yejibros we think val kilmer is the best batman
yejibros we think Jared Leto is the best joker
you're not a yejibro homosexual faggot
yejibros its 14:13 here
yejibros i'm balding
yejibros we would kiss Wonho
yejibros i'm gay
i cant believe yejibros are that cute
yejibros im a chad
yejibros, post everglow vocaroo
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we love wony
yejibros we don't buy the first generation product of any new technology because we are not dumb enough to pay to be beta testers
yejibros we want yeji to LEAVE itzy and go SOLO
yejibros, we miss when Tzuyu was brown
yejibros we got btfo
yejibros we have nothing against lisa
yejibros the youtube sidebar is broken on firefox nightlyr
yejibros we wanted to watch a scary vampire movie but it turned out to be a lesbian porno
yejibros we are slaves to money
yejibros we are in battleon-1
yejibros we are going for hormone therapy next week
yejibros when are we adding each other to play cold war
yejibros we must renew our n word pass
yejibros I am looking there
and the yejibros
yejibros i'm tempted to buy her photobook
yejibros, stop posting this
yejibros i feel so good nananananananananana
yejibros why are we so obsessed with sunmi
yejibros we really really like this lia girl
yejibros i listened to lorens song again today. its still good
ok, so we all know about yejibros
yejibros, we have a lot of loyalty to Itzy
yejibros we're considering brbing to this
yejibros will do a anything for the right price
when do we rally the yejibros to execute a hit on lisabrony?
yejibros starting a yeji fansite from a crowded apartment in seoul
yejibros
yejibros life was meant for good friends and great adventures
yejibros will girls date me if i learn how to dance? Like gaypop dances or what do they like?
yejibros the clockwork elves keep communicating with me
yejibros i slammed my desk and now my wrist hurts and theres a big lump
bumping the fight club score yejibros
yejibros you are my perfect love
yejibros we aren't watching this shit
yejibros we love sabra hummus
yejibros you are my number 1
yejibros today i saw a big burly man with a ketchy bag at the mall he seemed at least 6'4 and had forearms as thick as our waists
yejibros remember to have a good day, take care of yourselves and be strong
yejibros love yourself today
yejibros my dog's ass prolapsed again i can't control my urges around him at all please what do i do
yejibros, where is the yeji thread?
I keep writing my speech that I want to give for my family zoom call that explains that I am a yejibro and I kust keep re writing it and deleting it. No matter how many times I reword it I end up hating myself and feeling suicidal.
create /yeji/ for the yejibros
yejibros...I just ate a desiccant packet am I going to die?
yejibros is this true
yejibros it's raining very hard
yejibros we miss him
yejibros we will never be as chad as jyp
yejibros i fell for it again
yejibros we dont do this
yejibros my nipples are brown
yejibros we ate korean spicy chicken for dinner and the gochujang bured our lips
I heard a yejibro an heroed today. I will post a nice yeji in their memory. 1 down 2 to go.
brb yejibros
yejibros we will never transition
yejibros, should i workout tonight, study for my upcoming interview or drink?
yejibros it's very cold
yejibros we are here
yejibros mago is stuck in our head
yejibros i've been playing league all day
do yejibros look good irl?
big W for yejibrothers
W for yejibros
yejibros, we are contemplating the mistakes we made and doing absolutely nothing about it
yejibros now everyone is we
yejibros I'm happy in the haze of a drunken hour
yejibros, we are buying guqins and learning how to play it
yejibros we forgot that i is we and we are very sorry for that
yejibros i'm a literal aspie and life is very difficult
yejibros i had dinner 4 hours ago and it still feels like it's in my stomach, i want to go to bed...
yejibros, why would you call him that...
yejibros I just realized I'm gonna grow up to be THAT old guy
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're laughing at that oldfag who has no one to post his waifu with
yejibros should we play wow classic this weekend or ff12
yejibros this is so fucking disgusting that we can't even watch for more than five seconds
yejibros we are here
yejibros let's stay together
yejibros we're in zepeto
yejibros we are upset and confused
yejibros my extension i used to use ages ago for downloading twitter gifs doesnt work now
yejibros im a chinlet
she's not a shark, please do not attempt to appropriate her for yourselves, yejibros
the yejibros are conspiring against me
i hate the yejibros
yejibros i've made a mobile app for that russian kpop forum just in case we migrate there in the future.
yejibros i quite enjoyed Olivia (not lewd) dream last night so ive been listetning to Loona whole day to summon her this night too
yejibros we love this part
yejibros it's been a long road getting from there to here
yejibros we dropped weeekly for stayc
yejibros we are going to listen to zig zag
yejibro...
yejibros are the apex predator of the kpg ecosystem
yejibros we are leaving
i'm sorry for saying yejibros are going to run train on you
yejibros we apologize for saying remove beanwiga
yejibros we are here
yejibros we filter every single ASCII character
yejibros with is that animal doing to that woman...
yejibros good evening
yejibros what in god's green earth is this
yejibros
yejibros im making steamed hams
yejibros we are watching yeonwoo's ass cheeks and fapping to her
yejibros we are watching ds9
yejibros we are time travelling back to 1994 Memphis Tennessee so we can watch their hip hop scene unravel in real time
ask the yejibros
yejibros its starting to feel a lot like christmas
yejibros recc me a movie to watch tonight, so far i've watched rambo first blood (1982) and terminator (1984)
we know yejibro...
yejibros...
yejibros this is 10/10
ive come to insult yejibros all night. it's 23:55 right now and i go to bed at 7:00
yejibros if lisa isn't a man why are all lisaposters gay like that?
yejibros, been stuck at the same weight for many months and I want to gain. Been eating 12 eggs, 1kg of beef daily. Also having dairy for snacks. What can I add that isn’t processed junk or grains?
how do i become a yejibro?
they are taking it out on the yejibros because no one is responding to their would you kiss wony posts
uploading my mind to our shared yejibro consciousness
yejibros we have to yejibro to yejibro the yejibros, right yejibros?
yejibros we're getting mongolian bbq
yejibros we are many yejibros inside one big yejibro
yejibros we don't like manobans
yejibros we just want to be loved
is this yejibros spam just one autist?
yejibros we are queer
yejibros we are really good at video games
yejibros the opps can't get away with this...
yejibros we are villains in the making
yejibros we went to Subway and the girl making our sub looked like Dubu
hello yejibros good afternoon i am playing league
what did the yejibros mean by this kpg?
yejibros we're here
nope i'm a yejibro
yejibros, i'm not ready for a buzzcut - i have healthy hair and it has curls and is beatutiful
yejibros i keep seeing my dead dog
yejibros we love busaness busan
yejibros we miss JAV
there could be yejibros here.
there could be yejibros anywhere.
yejibros we are drinking tonight
not yejibros
yejibros our foreskin disappeared over night. what do we do?
as a result, yejibro will tend to cling to anything that appears at first glance even remotely stable, satisfying, or controllable brother
you mean that all events of the timeline happen simultaneously and are at the same time preceeding and succeeding esch other and the enlightened yejibro sees the entirety of time itself as a single happening but also distinguishes every moment that ever occured?
yejibros we regained consciousnesses
I cant subscribe to this new heresy that the yejibros are peddling
wow didn't realize the yejibros were actually a hermetic order of rosicrucians this whole time, never would've guessed that
yejibros we are here
it is at this stage that yejibros begin to truly develop skills like patience, equanimity, and wisdom
yejibros we are here
yejibros this is what we want as well
yejibros i am going to open the tequila
yejibros they have always been here. usa shot down the black knight satellite that has been spying on us for 12k years
yejibros the clockwork elves are talking to me
yejibros I finished watching cobra kai, what now?
yejibros im scared of 46
yejibros we don't know what this is
Are yejibros into the occult?
yejibros it was always there we just never looked
yejibros, the right one is just Lisa
yejibros we will withstand The Storm
yejibros perfection draws near
yejibros The Path is open to us alone
yejibros, we are getting ready for Shadowlands
hello yejibros
yejibro we must break free from the demiurge's influence
yejibros i enter Jannah today
yejibros our skin is peeling off
yejibros, this thread is ours
yejibros i finally see
yejibros i like braum he seems like a yejibro and has a big shield
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
any yejibro want to play a game of pretend? I have a wig...
hello yejibros good afternoon
yejibros we switched to wine to save money but i swear to god if i have to take another sip of this piss i'm going to puke
yejibros we are changing our occupations
yejibros we're sunbathing
brother i can understand this now yejibros are out of this world right?
when you become a yejibro
it is the answer yejibro
yejibros i understand
yejibros check this out
yejibros i masturbated watching gay porn again...
yejibros i had to get a blood test but the sight of blood made me blood thirsty and horny so i stabbed the nurse in the carotid artery and raped her while she spewed blood all over me
yejibros i had to get a blood test and was really nervous i let out a silent fart and i think the tech sanitized my seat after because of it
yejibros why did i have to be born in such a shithole country all i wanted is just to be german
yejibros.. why are we such trannies?
hello yejibros good morning
yejibro... the wave of possibility collapses.
yejibros we fuck what we kill and kill what we fuck
yejibros free will is a myth. Religion is a joke. We are all pawns, controlled by something greater: Memes, the DNA of the soul. They shape our will. They are the culture. They are everything we pass on
yejibros we find boobs and butts disgusting and prefer titless assless women
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros which is the wrong holy grail
you're not a yejibro you're a wonypedo
yejibros... wony is kinda hot tb h...
yejibros we want chuu to deepthroat our massive cocks
yejibros what did we think of this
yejibros today is the day
yejibros, what is the deal with yeji's hair colors?
yejibros we are seeing multiple realities at the same time
yejibros i had a dream with Olivia and I don't know what to think
yejibros get in here
yejibros youre all good cunts irl ibet
yejibros the voices...
yejibros I bought a new phone today
yejibros we're purchasing pornography using discreet billing services such as probiller and ccbill so the gf will never know
Can I post off-topic stuff if I put "yejibros" at the start?
yejibros what's the best south east asian country to visit to fuck a tranny
brb yejibros
yejibros is this true
yejibros we should have not jugged gfriend so early
yejibros twice is so good
yejibros when we close our eyes we see psychedelic imagery
yejibros livin' it up
if kpg was filled with based yejibros this place would be no fun
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros i am erect
yejibros we dont really like itzy
yejibros scully doesn't know
yejibros we aspire to be loren
yejibros we miss having a gf
happy diwali yejibros
yejibros what's an sph?
yejibros we used to fug our teachers
yejibros do i make you proud i tried so hard
yejibros my platform shoes go so hard
yejibros this guy called me a casual
yejibros we listen to tranny music
yejibros i'm fading out of existence
yejibros im gonna order chinese food when i get home from the barber because its 40% off today
yejibros it goes it goes it goes it goes
yejibros the game is mine i deal the cards
yejibros I'm thinking we can have it all
yejibros I miss you
yejibros I'm worried about the dark winter
yejibros we like this more than the original
yejibros I've spent so many nights in hotel rooms to pay for my addictions
yejibros I'm a necrophiliac zoophile
yejibros, I remember when dalla dalla came out
yejibros we're listening to when we disco
yejibros we can relate to this
yejibros ive been playing with my nose, uh, now my nose hurt
yejibros we're in the sewer all alone
yejibros give it a rest with the rap music nonsense
yejibros we come out when its raining
yejibros i dont fuck with clowns im with the scarecrows
yejibros we look clean - plastic surgery
yejibros im in the street and im drifting like a gtr
yejibros why does yg hate kpop so much
yejibros its 6 in the morning and im thinkin i just shit myself
yejibros i dont care bout anything you know im a drainer
yejibros your friends told me they didnt fuck with u i didnt even ask
yejibros every time i close my eyes i stop existing
yejibros if youre not bleeding youre not drained out
yejibros i cant be seen with you but its cool
yejibros i dont hold her im a loner
yejibros i feel like romeo i have a moncler coat because its cold
yejibros her blood tastes so sweet like sugar
yejibros im a missing person and you wont find me so stop searching
yejibros were taking 2 steps back and 1 step forward
yejibros we're drinking screwdrivers at the hardware store
yejibros we wrote her a lovenote but we woke up with a cut throat
yejibros that guy has margiela loafers but we know that hes a poser
yejibros do we like drain gang?
yejibros we were listening to Drake - Emotions on spotify on repeat but my six year old Nexus 5 ran out of RAM and crashed lol
yejibros we're heavily invested in illusions that cheat us
yejibros check out these bass
yejibros we're investing heavily in tungsten and rare earths
yejibros this girl has bigger biceps than us
yejibros we died but set up automated posts in case we died
yejibros we are getting plastic surgery to be cool like taemin
yejibros we cut off our genitals and ate them
gowon's a yejibro?
yejibros we are huge big head
yejibros we literally don't give a fuck
yejibros we're getting paid to launder money via offshore gambling websites
yejibros i wish i could speak korean so i can sing kpop songs in the shower better
yejibros we are studying the confucian classics to become a korean yangban
yejibros we are thinking about doordashing
gimme a kiss yejibro
yejibros we get off to the idea of lip cake injections
yejibros we get off to the idea of cake lip injections
yejibros we are eating halva
yejibros arin is so beautiful
yejibros do we prefer acqua di gio or one million?
yejibros we're getting high on life trying to prove -(-v) = v for every v E V.
yejibro, im high
yejibros i'm drunk
yejibros i ain't cryin' no more
yejibros is this real life or is it fantasy
yejibros is this true?????
yejibros I put my grandmother on a diet used by NFL linebackers, she's gonna get ripped
not your best recommendation, yejibro
yejibros we are switching from our laptop to our main workstation
yejibros we are dropping weeekly for stayc
yejibros come in all shapes and sizes
yejibros im gonna look up rule 34 of this shark
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros this fat girl is based as heck
yejibros is big chingus a funny thing to say
yejibros i accidentally posted while on the gym wifi
yejibros we're listening to pluto x baby pluto
this yejibro will support seulgi to the death
yejibros i posted outside kpg and people were very mean i wont be doing that again
yejibros we're not funny anymore
yejibros we put our cigarettes out in our aspidistra plant
yejibros the voices
yejibros i am highly schizophrenic and /kpg/ is just me and my 90 devices
yejibros fear is the mindkiller
fuuuuuuuuuuuck yejibros my back really hurts i hate having chronic lumbago FUCK
yejibros we sharted blood again
yejibros my pc is not that good but i can play league and cs 1.6 with 30fps
i'm about to filter the word (yejibro)
yejibros we forgot what we were going to post
yejibros we havent played video games in a while because we read books in our spare time
yejibros we got a heart on youtube from one of the best bmx riders in the world
yejibros why do we talk to ourselves so often
yejibros we forgot to sleep and it's 6am now.
yejibros how do you fix anterior pelvic tilt
yejibros i want this inside me
yejibros i used to waifu naky
yejibros i just do:
us yejibros do not endorse filtering.
yejibros we took the filterpill and have never been happier
good night to everyone (except yejibros)
yejibros we don't care about numbers
yejibros i did my daily push ups (32 in one set)
yejibros i just did a stinky fart
yejibros is south korea fucking retarded sometimes or am i the one who's wrong because i don't understand or like their culture?
yejibros we are looking forward to the k-pop christmas specials
yejibros should i get a buzzcut fade or just same length all over
yejibros there is a froggy on our window
yejibrothers im
yejibros we are here
yejibros i want to be black
yejibros we are inheriting the personality traits of our waifus
yejibros i'm in love with a day of the weeek
yejibros we only see 25% of kpg post
destroying yejibro's hips with my hydraulic press pronebone dick thrust
yejibros we have listened to over 100 kpop songs today
yejibros, what do we make of this image?
yejibros, just realized mango white claw is gross
yejibros something's not quite right
wtf yejibros lia looks stunning here
yejibrothers i got too high and fell asleep sexting an asian twink and spent 500 dollars on clothes
hello yejibros good evening
another major L for yejibros
yejibros go make me a sandwich
yejibros we need to wash the dog
yejibros sometimes i complain about how boring life can be, but honestly i'm content with no major events in my life
yejibros we could throw a football over them mountains
yejibros billie eilish is already busted
yejibros i kinda like this girl she looks like my cousin
yejibros this was my dads waifu
goodnight yejibros
im confused yejibros
Hi yejibro i am minjubro who is making scramble eggs.
yejibros where do i get a cool sharkman picture
another W for yejibros
me and all my yejibros...
is this where all the yejibros have been spending their time lately?
yejibros we're playing among us at KFNJZF
yejibros we are brown and proud
yejibros we are here
yejibro genocide best day of my life
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros forever lets go
yejibro thread
yejibros
yejibros we are no longer winning
yejibros,
yejibros good evening
ryujinsissy busted for being a real girl, causing outrage amongst yejibros
yejibros we dont have taco bell in mexico
yejibros we got taco bell
yejibros we are here
yejibros
yejibros the match is starting
yejibros we bought black ops cold war and won't be around for a couple of days
yejibros i wish my scalp wasnt dry and flaky and i had nice hair like weeekly
yejibros we are here
yejibros this image made me tingle in my no-no place
yejibros we are blasting
yejibros is bruce one of us?
wtf yejibros
yejibros i just vomited
so thinking about us yejibros
i saw a yejibro kissing Wony
yejibros we dont like hololivers, we find them cringe
yejibros we want to
yejibros we're looking forward to gawr gura's unarchived karaoke stream in 3 hours
good evening yejibros
yejibros.jpg
yejibros we are ascending and becoming transcendental beings
so this is why yejibros shave their heads, they are enlightened beings following a higher calling. very cool!
yejibros we are following the eightfold path to enlightenment
yejibros we're watching this borat shit
yejibros i can't hold my liquor
yejibros imagine four balls on the edge of a cliff. Say a direct copy of the ball nearest the cliff is sent to the back of the line of balls and takes the place of the first ball. The formerly first ball becomes the second, the second becomes the third, and the fourth falls off the cliff.
yejibros if one were to step on an ant without knowledge, or kill a fly accidentally while attempting to save it from a spider’s web, the result might be a sense of guilt or remorse, but it might just as well be one of indifference, since one’s intentions were not directed towards harming
yejibros my pizza burned
yejibros we are here
yejibros i just bend over to pick my keys and fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck my back hurts
yejibros we are going on all chicken diet and investing in onaholes
yejibros we have chest congestion
yejibros i have a job interview tomorrow and i want to buzz my head, but i'm afraid they'll think i belong to a neo-nazi group.
yejibros my precum smells like fruit
yejibros we've got the magic in us
yejibros my ps5 should be here in 2 hours
another L for yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros have a bigger fandom than yeji
yejibros i wish tolkien was still alive
yejibros we don't think that at all. lotr is already lotr for gay people
yejibros we think harry potter is just lord of the rings for gay people
yejibros we got that good kush
yejibros i think you are mocking me sometimes
yejibros we are becoming black by choice
yejibros who's the ville valo of kpop
yejibros we support this
yejibros our voices are deep and booming
yejibros her voice is deeper than ours
yejibros, we are getting off to Wonho
yejibros i did it to dj sona
goodnight yejibros
yejibros we like rivers cuomo
is that your channel yejibro?
yejibros we're unemployed
yejibros, we are here
yejibros my elbow hurts
yejibros we're crying to the nobody like you music video again
yejibros we're crying to the nobody like you mv again
yejibros we bought too many albums and we have no more shelf space
yejibros we're starting our own reaction channel
yejibros i'm egyptian and my great grandpa told me once that the aliens helped them to build the pyramids
yejibros we have no idea how they managed to build the pyramids
yejibros that oncel is trying way too hard to be us
why are oncels pretending to yejibros to bring clout to their busted uggos?
shut the fuck up annoying motherfucker you are not a yejibro and we don't give a shit about twice
brother, you have misspelled the word yejibros
yejibros im peeing from my butt again
yejibros these guys are actually cool and not gay at all
yejibros, we dont like modern one peice
yejibros this is SOTY no questions asked
yejibros are cool
yejibros we are here
yejibros twice is the ultimate super ultra girl group of our time
yejibros what is love?
yejibros i'm meeting up with a twink tomorrow
yejibros we are here
yejibro i don't have time for haters
yejibros we want to fuck aekarina
yejibros we are here
yejibros having no gf feels so bad but at least we have yeji
yejibros this kdrama and song are really good
yejibros how are we
yejibro we have a 7.5'' but more importantly (and luckily) as of yesterday it doesnt hurt to kfap anymore
yejibros have 4 incher +
yejibros we dont like biology, doctors have to stick their fingers up people's butts
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros don't need head phones because we still live in our parents mansion and can let the sound fill the air around us
yejibros i'm talking to 2 asian twinks on tinder
yejibros we are here
yejibro I don't want to be arrested
yejibros i am leaking
yejibros why cant people make a good kpop group?
yejibros we will be the next JYP
yejibros i am a genius!
brb yejibros
yejibrothers why is rocket punch sohee such an apologetic pitslut
yejibros why does this girl agrees with everything
yejibros i like it like milkshake
yejibros we like this album
yejibros we're watching berry paint IU
that's why yejibros like her
yejibros this should be our official hairstyle
good morning yejibros
yejibro imnida
yejibrothers i'm cumming to femboys again
yejibros we are scrobblers now
yejibros, we cucco dive into botw early when racing against our friend even though it's not allowed in the official ruleset
yejibros we are suffering from tinnitus only elons brain chip can save us
us yejibros have all fallen for yoon
yejibros what did you think about stayc?
leave yejibros alone
yejibros we are dabbing on weeeklytards right now and it feels good
thanks yejibro
yejibros do not google clitoris erection
yejibros i have a headache that keeps me awake
yejibros i'm out of beer
yejibros i... you know what never mind
yejibros do we prefer bok choy or spinach?
yejibros the captcha keeps asking me to click on bicycles but i cant see any
yejibros i injured my hand and now i can't masturbate
yejibros me gustas tu
yejibrooooos i'm sick and tired of rosie/loren jokea
yejibros i havent masturbated in 11 days
this but with a yejibro bf (best friend)
yejibros i need a girlfriend so badly
me and my yejibros
yejibros i can't go to public places
my favorite yejibro is the one who sucked my peepee
my favorite yejibro is the one who's always saying he could beat up fromis
my favorite yejibro is the one who gets mad and says ill kill you motherfucker
yejibros we don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight
yejibros, we already have orders placed for the 12 Pro Max
yejibrothers i busted another fat nut to rocket punch sohee brothers and i'm about to bust another one before bed
yejibros no more anal
yejibros we chillin
yejibros key is kind of cute we should try to look like him
yejibros is it gay if our cums touch
yejibros was 9/11 an inside job?
yejibros i want to do craazy shittt
yejibros i'm really enjoying the new league
yejibros we took a massive L
yejibros we do kegels while we brush our teeth
yejibros, we are getting back on the right track
yejibros i took a MASSIVE L tonight
yejibros teemo is not viable
yejibros im leaving i need to sleep
yejibros i drove to the gas station to get a monster and saw a cute fox
yejibros our dream is looping again
yejibros im getting rid of the mohawk this weekend and will get a buzzcut
we either have a buzzcut or a bald head. we do not accept any other hairstyles in the yejibro family.
yejibros what the heck
yejibros we have been accused of rape
yejibros where is brodie going to be traded to
yejibros we will be right back
yejibros we put a 3.5x14 inch dildo in our butt yesterday and our insides still aren't right
yejibros i might yejiblast
yejibros we are feeling good tonight
yejibros i still love tina
yejibros we made three cheese tortellini
there are at least four different yejibros, retard
the yejibros are back
yejibros we won
spinecrush pronebone jackhammer rapeboring yejibro's back tunnel
gore drilling satan rape madness on yejibros boypussy
yejibros we can't stop cumming to rocket punch sohee's pits
yejibros we must preemptively strike
yejibros we might get a bowl of fruit loops later
yejibrothers i can't stop back to back cumming to jinsoul and luda
yejibros we fapped too hard and now there's friction burns on our dick
yejibros i can't stop listening to eyes without a face by billy idol it reminds me of the horror french movie from the 60s "eyes without a face"
yejibros we let our mom clean our rooms
yejibros we just cleaned our room listening to aoa
yejibros we are taking out the trash
yejibros we are here
yejibros have come a long way since then
yejibros we're taking a shower
ding! pizza is ready yejibros
leave my yejibro alone
yejibros we ate too much butterfinger icecream and now we feel sick
yejibros who is your favorite jav actress
yejibros we like this type of music
yejibros we are smelling our cocks
im reaching levels of disappointment with yejibros i previously thought impossible
yejibros we're learning microsoft word
yejibros we are peepeepoomering
yejibros this is a huge L
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros what are no no parts
yejibros why are all these posts deleted
i hope biden will at least have the balls to exile yejibros to africa so they get wildraped by a pack of n******
yejibros i don't feel so good
good evening yejibros
don't invoke the yejibros for your pedophilic shit, wiztranny
yejibros i hit my head on the wall playing indoor soccer
what the heck yejibros i just had to update my browser and youtube works now
i told you yejibros google would fail
yejibros my youtube is working fine
yejibros would
yejibro i just woke up
yejibros we're going to busan
yejibros i can't believe i'm the only one left with a mullet
yejibros i'm feeling sick again
wow yejibros are very handsome
yejibros are all the good looking posters, who knew?
yejibros do i look good?
yejibros make yourself here
yejibros we are looking so cute tonight
hello yejibros i got a new job
yejibros is this a clot
yejibros I'm shy
yejibros we want to FUCK Gahyeon
yejibros i miss ntr hentai
yejibros we feel like shit
yejibros we are increasing our aura
yejibros we don't vote in any of these awards
yejibros we took another L...
yejibros what is a good hobby?
yejibros there are two main types of understanding: conceptual understanding and experiential understanding
good morning yejibros, i'm back from my vacation
yejibros we're re-watching true detective
yejibros my heart hurts
yejibros in the streets ryujinsissy in the sheets
explain yourselves yejibros
yejibros my dick hurts
phew i'm very glad, otherwise mayhaps some yejibros would not spot that I was a yejibro in the streets.
yejibros it started raining
yejibros i accidentally used a razor on my head and it's no longer buzzcut but just bald.
yejibros my eyes hurt
yejibros if this headache doesn't go away we will take tramadol
yejibros we wear chains like this
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we don't deserve this L
yejibros we are reksai mains
yejibros i do this but with porn and fancams
ryujinsissy and yejibros sitting in a tree.....
yejibros is this true
i made every yejibro get a buzzcut.
ryujinsissy has complete control over the yejibros and their primitive coombrains
yejibros we just received a burst of dopamine and for once it wasnt from touching our penises
yejibros we just shaved our hair again (3mm on the top 1.5mm on the sides)
yejibros i couldn't resist the urge
yejibros, we are gay for Wonho
i didnt know bezos was a yejibro
yejibros we're going to mars
yejibros have tremendously high iq's, most of us are in mensa and work in think tanks for nasa
yejibros why are there no shark heroes in league
https://rbt.asia/mu/search/text/yejibros%20we%20are%20here/
bluepill me on yejibros
yejibros we are handsome
yejibros if the world hates you rejoice for they hated me before you
yejibros the new league items update its ok but why did the have to change the hud as well motherfuckers
you mean yejibros or actual yejiposters?
yejibros what is the best theme for tree tabs
i nominate yejibros for meme of the year
yejibros we are rebels
cause we are yejibros
yejibros are sick in the head
yejibro brigades will unironically get us kr
why are yejibros like this
yejibros will outlive all humanity with our immense wealth of knowledge.
will yejibros outlive yeji?
izone twice yejibros
yejibros we are chadmen
yejibros.....
yejibros how do i overcome the sisyphean nature of lifting?
yejibros i used some hand sanitiser and now my hands smell fucking awful
yejibros that's our phone
yejibros we skipped leg day
yejibros now we're listening to mineral - the power of falling
yejibros if you spot me in public, speak with me. i will buy you a drink.
yejibros i talked to a zoomer girl the other day and i wanted to kill myself, they're so retarded and backwards.
yejibros how do i safely subsrcibe to youtube channels like studio choom, m2, the1k and the like without being spammed with gaypop videos
yejibros..
yejibros my hair looks like this
yejibros we're in pain
yejibros i am terrified of mirrors
yejibros our mom isnt making eggs for us
yejibros we grab em by the pussy
yejibros we are here
yejibros i dont know how to play poker, can we play yu-gi-oh instead?
yejibros we do this
playing strip poker with the yejibros and 52 aces in my left boot
yejibros we are here
yejibros this video remind me of my yejibros
yejibros i look like this guy
hello yejibros
yejibros i umm...
yejibros it takes me over 2 hours to watch a 10 minute kpop video
yejibros i shaved my armpits and now it itches
yejibros we exclusively wear mandarin collars so as to let nearby asian girls know we're down to clown at a glance
yejibros we would wear this
yejibros we don't wear bomber jackets, we don't like the collars
yejibros i could beat up iu
yejibros my cock is 7 inches long
yejibros kpg is the only thing that helps me cope with tfw no gf
yejibros the Xbox series x is out of stock
yejibros my ban just expired
yejibros i nearly forgot about daisy
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're watching light up the sky
yejibros the yejibro version of la di da is stuck in my head
yejibros we are getting panic attacks playing imposter
yejibros we stayed up all night again
yejibros i just redid my buzzcut and i am feeling extremely fresh
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros we are going to receive celebrity level styling
you are not a yejibro
yejibros this is our god
yejibros are we natty
produced by the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros report in
yejibros im scared
one final dock with my yejibros
yejibros im crying
yejibros wh
yejibros why ca
yejibros why can't w
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros why can't we uplo
yejibros why can't we post images
yejibros look at this ugly bag
yejibros today's the day. we've had it with this big dumb world
name: yejibro
yejibros i could fit my entire pp in there
vs. the yejibro homegym master race (just imagine i've attached an image of me: a 100kg, extremely hairy and pale bloatmaxer completely naked in my filthy apartment with dirty plates and protein shakers all over my desk)
yejibro "self improvers"
yejibros we never sleep
yejibros shot another bad boy down...
yejibros what did nini mean by this
yejibros im pregnant
we call that the yejibro lean
welcome yejibro
is this good, yejibro?
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibro final form.png
yejibros this is the goal body for 2021
i wonder if that yejibro from the other day made his phonecall...
brb yejibros
we yejibros have a sub 50 IQ
with so much drama in the k-p-g it's kinda hard being a yejibro
yejibros this sounds like butterfly by crazy town
oh i forgot yejibros are too busy looting ps5s and listening to black people music to care about politics
yejibros we cannot play a b chord
hello yejibros good evening
what do yejibros think about mike pompeo saying trump won and we will be transitioning to a trump presidency
yejibros run kpg
we did it yejibros
yejibros we saw the girl who looks like dubu outside of subway
yejibros, I sprained my wrist doing THAT
yejibros, we look like this
yejibros, I did it again and now it's stuck in there and have to go to the ER
yejibros we are drinking purple faygo
yejibros i nutted
yejibros.jpg
the yejibros meet up is going well brothers
yejibros we'll never forget her
yejibros i can't stop touching my abs
where are the yejibros
yejibros are so cool
yejibros we're saving this pic for future use
yejibros I snapped a picture of yejibro out in the wild
who were the yejibros of the second gen
yejibros everything is sex
yejibros why is it so hard for information to retain in our brains
yejibros this kslut plays better than me
yejibros sarah connor is fucking crazy she must be a yejibro
yejibros, let's get crunk
ill be honest with you yejibros, a hole is a hole
yejibros was that ryujinsissy?
imagine the yejibros doing this
yejibros we’re practicing our bboy dance routines
yejibros we are here
yejibros this is us rn
yejibros we are becoming wizards
yejibros, bsb or nsync?
yejibros lets open up a bitcoin mining facility together
yejibros we are saving our memes
yejibros i don't know what to do
yejibros do your pics keep loading slow too?
yejibros we got really drunk the other day and thought this song was a 10/10
yejibros we made it 1/3 of the way through NNN and we arent quitting here
yejibros rate my outfit
yejibros is this how chads walk
yejibros i'm getting assfucked by captchas
yejibros i'm making bbq ribs
yejibros i attempted to give myself a fade, didn't go well. all crooked and uneven. but it's okay, i'll try again in a week
yejibros i am watching terminator 2 (1991) now
yejibros the voices aren't going away
yejibros the dental hygienist was really nice to me today
yejibros im eating eggs
yejibros.jpg
the only requirements to be a yejibro are to lift weights, own at least one pair of cowboy boots, and maintain a buzzcut. we accept all creeds so long as you follow our most hallowed traditions.
fake yejibro detected
yejibros im brown
do yejibros have a bbc
they want to be cucked by yejibros
yejibros save the thread
yejibros how do i stop getting headaches after i lift?
yejibros i want to experience having sex with a man
yejibros nuke china
yejibros i am growing my buzzcut out
hello yejibros where is everyone
yejibros we're here
yejibros i wish i was bang chan
yejibros is this the future?
yejibros we are converting to islam
yejibros i need a hug
yejibros im kinda retarded
i dont have a phd in physics, can i still be a yejibro?
yejibros I just wanna masturbate
yejibros i am but a shell of a man i once used to be
yejibros our testicles have already been destroyed
step up and face the yejibros motherfucker, we are not scared of you
yejibros we are of norman descent, we have inherited the will of William the Conqueror
yejibros once one understands what are the building blocks of reality and how they work together, one need not rely on any external body of knowledge or instruction to live one’s life
docking with my yejibros
*grabs a yejibro by the face*
yejibros what is THAT
would you kiss a yejibro? be honest
yejibros im hungry
maybe your computer is too dusty like the other yejibro
yejibros my pc smells burnt
yejibros my pc smells burnt
yejibros i like Hyewon i want to fuck her butt
yejibros my pc smells burnt
yejibro that used google wave net voice did you have to input your CC info to get access to the tool?
yejibros we started liking jiwon from fromis_9
yejibros we like pits
yejibros what do we think about this
good evening yejibros
yejibros which one should we get
yejibros im shy
yejibros we are crafting 1563 mithril ingots
yejibros should communicate through vocaroo at all times
i wonder if that yejibro ever made his phonecall...
yejibros i ate too many lentils the day before yesterday it gave me really intense protein farts and sloppy shits for two days now everyone avoids me at work
where are the yejibros
yejibros these yeojin pics are making me horny
yejibros an hour ago we were like yeah nah just gonna have a rum and soda or two... have a relax
yejibros we use a huge 1080p crt monitor
yejibros i am going to get these exact foggy glasses
are you even a yejibro
yejibros get in here
yejibros what's your addiction?
yejibros we are here
yejibros wtf
yejibros the one on the right is quite attractive
yejibros...any manhwa recommendations?
yejibros with enough accumulated wholesomeness, we can cultivate an immunity to unwholesomeness and drive out any previously-acquired mental illness
yejibros we could not find a mouse in our price range but did get a sleek and stylish dell keyboard
yejibros we are cooming
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we think karina is a freaking goddess
yejibros we woke up in a great mood this morning
yejibros im going to bitch slap a beanwigger
yejibros we have a crush on nayeon
ludwigang is everything yejibros want to be
yejibros fuck heejin
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are cultivating mass
singer yejibro please cover untouchable that would be epic
yejibros, La Di Da>Twice's shit copy
yejibros, is it dumb if I'm considering spending $1000 on headphones?
yejibros i've been delaying this phone call for 2 months
yejibros I’ve run the calculations
yejibros are based
why is everything yejibros say so relatable?
yejibros we're investing heavily in tungsten
yejibros my life is completely in shambles and i don't know how to fix it anymore my brain is too broken but i'm also too scared to die.
yejibros kiss me
yejibros we're providing our personal information to the reverend john warosa to claim our share of a deceased estate in the republic of benin
yejibros we're such pranksters
yejibros i just added onions sauce into my room mate's barely opened bottle of diplomatico rum
yejibros i like this girl
yejibros make me a sandwich
yejibros we're rehydrating
yejibros my dog wants the popcorn i made but it's mine...
yejibros i did it to beanwiga
yejibros we're listening to kendrick
yejibros, note to self, dont browse the pozzed section of grindr
yejibros what is our political affiliation? tankies?
yejibros, we are imaging our waifu doing gokkun
yejibros we are breaking out of our creative block
yejibros check out this lua
yejibros were doing something
yejibros we think babysoul is kind of hot now
yejibros are you liking my thread is it a good or bad one?
did that yejibro make the call yet
yejibros i asked a dude what his favorite afreecatv streamer whores were and he hasnt responded im pretty pisses
yejibros, whats the best onahole?
we ARE yejibros brother
they're just re-skinned yejibros
yejibros whats the most fun dps class in wow shadowlands
you cant rape yejibros because we’ve poured cement down there and now its permanently shut
yejibros what is that
tfw yejibros make better music than twice and bp
yejibros we havent masturbated in 10 days this is our greatest accomplishmen
i only respond to yejibros
major W for yejibros
I'm a yejibro and I care.
I filter all yejibro spam so I don't even see them
yejibros im eating bread with butter and sugar
yejibros i can't decide what i love most about yeji
yejibros i feel attacked
yejibros we havent ate in several hours and we're hungry
yejibros we don't drink because our father was an alcoholic and our mother hated him for it so we're scared of alcohol.
yejibros i did my daily push ups
yejibros we are starting to become chain smokers
based yejibro
yejibros would we blast on dahy's face?
yejibros why is my penis getting browner
I want to snuggle a yejibro even if they are mean
i want to kiss a yejibro
yejibro...
yejibros we can't even muster the energy to play movie games
yejibros i cannot feel my fingertips
yejibros what is this lenguage
yejibros we are listening to jailhouse rock
yejibros im sad
how many yejibros are there?
yejibros this girl is stronger than us
yejibros i might chuublast
yejibro we're NOT SHY about our beliefs
yejibro, please hand over your key to our treehouse
yejibros i like blackpink
we are all bi-curious yejibrother
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros this looks like the weeekly thumbnail for tag me
yejibros I'm craving coca cola again
yejibros. we are too big for kpg now
yejibros we have a headache we need to go drink water
yejibros i fapped to momcest again
yejibros our cumbrain is too much we're losing touch with reality
yejibros he is so cool
yejibros i can't stop masturbating to jennie, my foreskin is getting sore and red
yejibros, we accept anyone into our midst. we are positive, we are loving and and we are valid.
yejibros im gonna nut
yejibros, we approve of transgender kpops
yejibros should we make a weverse account?
yejibros i have urges
another L for yejibros
yejibros this sorting is tiring as heck
yejibros I gotta pee
yejibros I'm cut but my cock kinda smells?
yejibros why does sarah connor always looks drunk
yejibros i was doing squats and shit myself, but only a little bit
yejibros i have one shark mountain dew left
yejibros i do not like this 18 eggs diet
yejibros we are like the tenda after they read the book on overcoming shyness
yejibros i did an extra set of bent over rows, i can feel the gains
yejibros i do it for my city
yejibros it's our chance
yejibros we reached our goal of 100 push ups
yejibros have a smile :)
yejibros we use and extension called Twitter Media Assist that adds a download button to twitter videos
yejibros our balls stink
yejibros i am watching the terminator (1984)
yejibros we put everything on our desktop and buy new monitors when we run out of space
yejibros we save everything to our desktop and have a batch file that sorts everything into folders based on file type
yejibros i bought a bottle of whiskey and im gonna sort my folders tonight
yejibros we're getting bowlcuts now
yejibrothers im gonna make my own barbell and weights with cement because there are no gyms in my town
you forgot to say yejibros
you can do it, yejibros are strong together brother
yejibros were are lifting tonight
yejibros yuju made me lose nnn
yejibros this shit is actually good
yejibros i ran out of moisturiser and i feel dry and itchy
yejithread for the yejibros
yejibros we have an important match this thursday
teaching yejibros about prostate stimulation
teaching zoa about the yejibros
yejibros we are watching xqc
Are there even any real yejibros left Itzy has been on the downhill for a while now
yejibros where are we
yejibros this will highlight the best post
yejibros...
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros drop and give me 10
nevermind yejibros i found them right after posting that
yejibros we cant find our toenail clippers
yejibros should I drink a whole bottle of vodka straight
yejibros we just skimmed through the gfriend album
yejibros, i hurt myself today
us yejibros realize karma translates into english as 'action', thus the 'action' system makes perfect sense because we were raised on newtonian mechanics
dont listen to this imposter yejibros do not have gross ear hair
yejibros i shaved my head but now my ear hair is very noticeable
yejibros we dress in sleazecore
no yejibros dont cuck themselves
yejibros
yejibros we always hang in a buffalo stance
good evening yejibros
yejibros im blue daba dee daba daa
yejibros is this the truman show
yejibros im drinking a Monster
yejibros we are not a social experiment
yejibros the only good karate movie is the one where jcvd scores that asian cutie and learns buddhist kickbox magic
yejibros what waits on the other side?
yejibro, you only needed to watch the first one they dont mention the other ones in cobra kai
yejibros I watched all the karate kid movies now I can watch cobra kai
yejibros duolingo is shit
yejibros...
yejibros that is not true there are many yejibros posting at all times.
yejibros, im a samefag and there's actually only one yejibro in this general and that's me
yejibros i am gae
yejibros at what stage did this conception of love turn into dude money drugs and bbc lmao?
yejibros it is raining again
yejibros we are taking a shit right now and it's quite uncomfortable
yejibros are getting too crazy now
yejibros the building blocks of reality are phenomenological experiences, not impersonal physical particles; as a result, every condition is understood to be reducible to individual moments of experience that combine together to create the various states of mind that in turn create an individual personality
yejibros how's our flossing coming along?
yejibros I like black girls now
yejibros would yeji drink this latte i made for her?
yejibros i'm gonna try to give myself a fade, then i'm gonna play witcher 3. i'll update you accordingly.
yejibros i thought we were supposed to get mohawks...
yejibros we need a housewife for doing chores and for sex
yejibros, post your favourite kpop songs
the yejibros tricked me
yejibros we posses the warrior gene
yejibrosm what is the meaning of this?
didn't mateo have a buzz? was he secretly a yejibro?
yejibros... I like sniffing nail polish remover acetone
yejibros do i post my new buzzcut
yejibros we're circlejerking right now
yejibros imagine our life as this mv, except we switch with Bang Chan instead of Chris Brown
yejibros we are here
yejibros these guys really care about feet
yejibros i hate being a mantlet I FUCKING HATE BEING A MANLET
yejibros i used to fap to yeonwoo everyday fucking day
yejibros we cut the tips of our wool gloves so we can post from our phone but now they're falling apart
yejibros we want this to happen to us
yejibros they got us
yejibros i mog this guy
good morning yejibros
yejibros how do prisons stop the inmates from masturbating all the time
yejibros
yejibros the next thread is ours
yejibros...im into findom(financial domination)
yejibros I just messaged you on yahoo messenger and I added a cute emoji to the message
yejibros we still use aol
yejibros what do i eat for lunch
yejibros I only use SerenityOS' custom browser
yejibros we use ungoogled chromium with duckduckgo or yandex as the search engine, alternatively lynx
yejibros we are here
also he hasn't posted in a year or so but the yejibros are inspired by him
yejibros i saw a keut girl on the bus today and she looked back at me repeatedly
yejibros Wheel of the Year is a fucking banger
yejibros i still havent made that call
yejibros we are here
just us neet yejibros
yejibros i fell for it again
yejibros we look in the mirror and see a stranger
yejibros we feel like death when our blood sugar drops and this keeps us addicted to sugar
she is so cute yejibros
yejibros we're saving ourselves for marriage
why do yejibros only ever talk to themselves?
yejibros we just opened like 20 weeekly fancams.....
yejibros are wise
yejibros our lives changed when we discovered sandalwood beard butter
yejibros i need to make an important phone call but i've been delaying it for months, should i take a nap now or call?
yejibros are we still showering everyday
yejibros i have covid
yejibros i just let one underneath the covers and it is quite potent
yejibros we're robbing mcdonalds down the street bring your shark masks
yejibro street gang fucking when?
i can only imagine 2 types of yejibros
yejibros we're looking for a nice filipino girl to marry
good morning yejibros
yejibros i'm a 29 year old neet and never had a job what do i do
yejibros what is our plan to make it?
yejibros we ate too much beans again
yejibros this isnt indica bros i said i can only smoke indica im having a panic attack
yejibros I blasted 1h ago should I do it again?
yejibros i'm starting to think none of these girls are pure and just do what their bosses tell them to do
yejibros look at this ugly piece of shit
yejibros I'm not feeling right in the head
yejibros I'm becoming a real woman
yejibros the new gfriend mv really sucks
yejibros we need to start thinking of some major changes to make in our lives
yejibros we probably are going to kill ourselves in the next 5 years or so
yejibros we will lead the REAL sexual revolution
yejibros where is the gfriend
yejibros we are going back in time to live in east asia
yejibros where are you at in life, work school etc?
yejibros are we happy or depressed?
gowon only temporarily suppresses our depression yejibros
yejibros why did you not tell me about this
yejibros are we lords or slaves
what do yejibros dicks squirt out?
yejibros is it bad to drink on a monday night?
yejibros we're drinking white russians for breakfast at 7pm again
yejibros we just want to be free
yejibros we live our life trying to avoid all the jewish tricks
yejibros are dedicated, we cant waste time posting anywhere else
yejibros we are empty
yejibros we love yukon gold potatoes
yejibros i love music that amazes me of how a human could make it
yejibros we feel like shit
yejibros we're sinking
yejibros my skin is glowing
post the six yeji pictures yejibros use so i can save them
yejibros our dickhole hurts again slightly
yejibros... what's the difference between "pointing out hypocrisy" and "whataboutism"
yejibros i don't know what to do with my life
yejibros we feel better
yejibros we play music so loud our speakers keep falling off the desk
yejibros what did we think
yejibros we are watching sad music videos because we feel sad
yejibros we earned money from gambling and then lost it shortly after due to our own hubris
yejibros we're also 25 and haven't had sex
yejibro reference
yejibros this is one of the last songs i remember liking before cute korean kpop girls consumed my life
yejibros we are reminiscing back to the good old days when we were into /mu/core
go er yejibro
yejibro i am jackson
yejibros i want to be kai for one day
yejibros i want to be the bambam of our group
dont worry about it, if youre fit to be a yejibro theyll let us know
the funniest thing is that yejibros dont even care or post about itzy or yeji they just stole her name goddamn fucking bastards the lot of them
yejibros: the last piece
yejibros we should get paid by the jyp dude
if yejibros are paid, where can I apply?
yejibros i want a jiyoon friend and gf
this is why yejibros are the best thing on kpg
are yejibros being paid or something? they seem organized?
yejibros i want to kys myself
got7 but its entirely made up of yejibros...
yejibros are a part of me
yejibros and me, we are one
yejibros are the reason for my life
If yejibros not here, I'm not here
yejibros I SWEAR IT BY THE MOOOOON, WOOOO OOO OOHHH
yejibros i have seemingly lost all my beach house albums
yejibros we are yeagerists
yejibros the c-pops are coping United States Marine Corps killed hundreds of thousands of their "volunteers"
yejibros i pretend to be a member of got7
yejibros i'm trippin
yejibros i think i got brain damage from resting my neck awkwardly while sleeping on my side
yejibros? more like mentally ill pieces of shit
yejibros we saw our biceps vein today
yejibros our favorite group is weeekly
yejibros we are here
yejibros my life is over
yejibros i am too shy to sing
is anyone else getting a weird, slightly scary vibe from recent yejibro posts? ive always seen it as just memeing, but recently it sounds like theyre starting a cult or something. theres been some very worrying things said lately. maybe im just paranoid since ive lost friends and family to cults before, but i think its something we need to keep an eye on.
yejibros biden is finito
yejibros dance dance dance till we run this town
yejibros i did it again... im so happy brother i thought all my efforts had been in vain
yejibros we are wearing lingerie
yejibros i can't live if living is without you...
yejibros, we’re trying to become diabetics
yejibros im gae
yejibros we are many
yejibros we are here
yejibros im 25 and very beautiful
squigachads are the most popular yejibros in kpg
very true brother we (yejibros) agree
military yejibro intervention
uh were all yejibro here
yejibros we are playing brigador again
over yejibros dead bodies
yejibros did we listen to the new 500 leaked weezer demos yet
this link is only for yejibros dont click it if you are not a yejibro
yejibros we can play this song on the guitar
yejibros i dont give a shit about nnn im gonna watch hentai
yejibros... i have a stiffy
yejibros I had the sex. Very nice
yejibros we went to nando's and the girl taking our order looked like Dubu
yejibros let's pump it up
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros what does javascript:void(0) means
yejibros ae-nignig looks like lisa
yejibros i forgot to tell you but i lost my job today because i had to go into quarantine and someone else took my place
sorry yejibros but there is a new shark in town
yejibros we have long fingers
yejibros this made me sad
true yejibros don't have a choice
yejibros we are here AVOP-248
yejibros to drink or not to drink?
just us yejibros
yejibros itzy's music has a lot to teach us about life
yejibros im learning how to laugh like yeji so people like me more
yejibros we drink milk even if we are lactose intolerant
yejibros i am ordering a tub of sandalwood beard butter as we speak
yejibro...
yejibros why is he black
craving some chai tea myself, whats new yejibro?
Canadian and polish yejibro how are you
yejibros we are not in /brit/
you've fucking done it now lad, it was just me in there and now you're gonna summon the fucking yejibros.
yeah well ive never had sex before, yejibro
yejibros i've never seen die hard
i'm the only yejibro without a buzzcut...
yejibros i missed the update on the shark mountain dew
yejibros why am I not horny
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i am warming up some old hawaiin pizza and cracking a can of ice cold 7 up
yejibros i remember sucking my moms tits as a baby
yejibro, the wave of possibility collapses.
yejibros something moved under my bed
yejibros im the backwards man the backwards man
yejibro we've read the lotus sutra and found it garbage
yejibros i vow to become a yejisattva and save all my brothers
yejibros we use mantras to focus our attention on ordinary reality, as a clear recognition of our experience as it is, free from projection and judgement
yejibros we should start our own outlaw motorcycle gang
yejibros i keep watching this video over and over and saying the lines to myself in my room
yejibros we are cooming to gahchubby ass
yejibros good evening
is yejibro already taken?
yejibros we are tired and want to masturbate
yejibros
what anime is yejibro approved?
yejibros...leave me to rot in the open air...
yejibro here
yejibros remember to eat your eggs
yejibros i shidded the bed again
I started badly diffuse thinning when I was 19 and just shaved it all off. Am I an honorary yejibro today?
whats with yejibros and balding
brother this is not a yejibro for yejibros have buzzcuts and nothing else.
yejibros we rock a skullet
yejibros i could buzzcut but i dont have a nice hairline like that, what do?
yejibros look like this
yejibros we watch EEVblog
yejibros we punch through screens for they aren't our medication
yejibros will viagra help with the broken penis from hair drugs?
Are you don't sexualize Yeji i hope, yejibro
yejibros i did not know we were reject yg trainees
yejibros we are going to run train on miyeon
yejibros i've been on finasteride for about a year. i dont get fully hard, my cooms are clear like water, and i have extreme brain fog usually. and i'm still kind of losing hair albeit slower. truly the worst of both worlds.
yejibros is it really worth self castrating just for my hair back?
yejibros no erp in the thread today
yejibros just remember that if you have a good skull shape it doesn't matter if you have hair or not so just be born with a better skull.
uh yejibros why did that guy recommend this? im losing hair not libido!
yejibros we're not balding at all
yejibros i still have a thick head of hair but my hairline is receding, i dont want to join the buzzcut faction just yet
yejibros my balding won't stop....
yejibros do we ever shut up
yejibros is this a fat pucci?
yejibros
yejibros we went to Subway and the girl making our sub looked like Dubu
yejibros we say 'not shy not me' but we're shy and we're me
yejibros im shy
any yejibros in?
yejibros we are hype for the december comeback
yejibros we majored in world of warcraft during our college years
yejibros...life stands still here
yejibros we used to blast to icarly
yejibros we are researching time travel
yejibros saved my life
drake is a yejibro, look at his hair.
yejibros you can't start a fire without a spark
yejibros
yejibros like this kind of stuff
yejibros we are watching manchester city - liverpool
brother you must buzzcut your hair to 3mm or how will we know it's a yejibro?
yejibros i eat five dozen eggs for breakfast so i'm roughly the size of a barge!
hola yejibros
yejibros is it okay if i only buzzed the sides but kept the hair on top?
yejibros i don't have eggs to eat
liawiga fingering yejibros with her long fingers
yejibros eat your eggs.
yejibros... i never really cared until i met you
yejibros post yeji please
yejibros i shaved my chest yesterday and it’s incredibly smooth. so now i have
yejibros would you hose me down with holy water if i got too hot?
yejibros we keep our glasses off when out in public so we don't notice all the beautiful girls that will never be ours
the woods begin to stir yejibros...
yejibros we have given up trying to quit sugar, it's in everything and it tastes too good
yejibros, we just spotted a transexual
yejibros we are watching atalanta - inter
yejibros this song is about you
we are canceling yejibros
yejibros you're disappoint me
good morning yejibros
i appreciate the warnings from our resident tranny expert yejibros
yejibros i found my journal from 5 years ago and i was complaining about the exact same things back then as i am now
yejibros we love our new extension
yejibros we don't want males talking to our hachubby
good morning yejibros im going to a party
yejibros yeji loves us
yejibros i now have 25 max level characters in wow
yejibros we fixed our chair and now we can funpost at higher velocity
yejibros when we must gang rape jennie to death over the course of however long it takes her to have constant death without dying, then barbecue her corpse and invite the rest of blackpink to join in on feasting upon her flesh, whereupon we will do the same to them, setting aside a month of constant rape for each member before killing and eating them
yejibros we are watching start-up
no, yejibronies
yejibros eobseoyo
yejibros i just looked at my ugly face and now all these idols look 10x hotter in comparison
yejibros we sincerely believe that women should not have the right to vote or own property
yejibros we are erect
yejibros this is now KPOOP GENERAL
yejibros we just ate 1600 calories for lunch and feel bloated
yejibros we are still trying out new extensions
yejibros i gotta pee but i don't wanna get out of bed
yejibros is "eating eggs" a code word for sucking balls?
yejibros i only ate 14 eggs yesterday I will repent by eating 22 today.
yejibros is it time for us to die?
yejibros...were mewing
yejibro i already drink two cartons a day raw
yejibros reminder to eat your eggs (18 a day)
yejibros going without sex makes me feel like i'm in jail
yejibros i'm nearly out of beer, i want to kill people but i think of the consequences but i still want to kill them
yejibros i'm going to make more of an effort to be good-looking because i'm otherwise a piece of shit
yejibros we're taking up smoking ecigs again
yejibros i jacked and blasted to EXID today
yejibro...
yejibros i am reading books and watching movies about the consequences of murder to keep me from killing
yejibros we are gay and straight
yejibros, we are valid and we are beautiful and we are real
yejibros your love keeps lifting me higher and higher
yejibros i wish i was an elite korean gamer so i could hangout with my waifu
fake yejibro
youre not a real yejibro
real yejibros are straight
yejibros are so wholesome. I want one.
yejibros i'm reading books and watching movies about the legal repercussions of murder
yejibros i can feel massive gains in my arms
all yejibros are esl for sharkish is their native language
yejibros we huff jenkem erryday
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are making beans and rice in the rice cooker
yejibros i'm going to watch a short film about killing while drinking 8.6% beer
yejibro win count is at an all time high
yejibros i can't eat anymore eggs
yejibros we are listening to hit me baby one more time
yejibros our voices are deep and manly
yejibros that album did not break me
yejibro we gave ourself a cumshot
yejibros my waifus are breaking my heart again
yejibros dana scully was my first waifu
yejibros what does choa mean?
yejibros i miss him...
yejibros choa gets me going like no other
yejibros i did it.... i surpassed my average number of burritos in one sitting
well done yejibro don't forget to get your complete protein, omega 3's and vitamin b
yejibros i did it.... i surpassed my average push ups in one set
yejibros i am the god of my own personal universe
yejibros im gonna do some push ups as well brothers
yejibros we hate the mentally ill so much we wish we could shoot them to death
yejibros we are playing gran turismo 5
yejibros we finished the taco bell and now we are sleepy
yejibros i'm so stylish
yejibros we use this extension to setup custom backgrounds on 4chan
why is he wearing his shirt in the pool yejibros
yejibros, aisha is taller than me....
Pinning down a yejibro and...
yejibros i want to dance like michael jackson
yejibros....
yejibros im going to taco bell what should i get
yejibros why is this person posting african american music in my kpop general
yejibros we still use firefox and save everything as png
yejibros i bet one million dollars on donald trump winning
this thread is the mind of a yejibro
it is a well known fact that yejibrothers use chromium.
yejibros we use this extension to save pics in different file formats right from the browser
yejibros i did it to ludwiga once
yejibros this is a rare dxw
yejibros why are they looking at our past
Yejibros weren't not as new as this yejibro right?
yejibros who is evilrin
slugroastie started the yejibros thing kek
yejibros i found this cute picture of yeji and ms wiga
yejibros post her lost ass
i wonder if the first person to say yejibro is still here
yejibros we're listening to a zoodasa playlist
yejibros my stomach hurts
yejibros we don't know what stayc is but these girls are cute
yejibros i joined orochimaru
yejibros they will NOT stop us from hornyposting. that is a fact.
yejibros where is haseul
yejibros we only type with our thumbs on our keyboards
yejibros its pikamee for us
another major L for yejibros
yejibros we are all dying
yejibros i ate sushi and i feel better now
yejibros we are watching gawr gura play a way out
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros our beards are more wispy
yejibros we are watching star trek enterprise
yejibros why are they posting pictures of us
yejibros i hate this motherfucker
very boring in here without my yejibros
yejibros I've saved $1.40 on soap by not washing my hands or showering in 3 months
yejibros who is this senile geezer
yejibros we hate vi
yejibros this is giving me that bittersweet feel
yejibros we have stopped following politics on twitter and now only follow kpop groups and the ufo topic
yejibros we will no longer be illegal immigrants thanks to joe biden
she looks happy yejibros
yejibros i still don't know why shinji strangled asuka at the end
yejibros the only thing we smoke is cock, very true
yejibros smoke break time
yejibros I've been saving money on toilet paper with one simple trick...
yejibros, we all need one
yejibros nnn has turned us a bit gay, i think this is their plan
yejibros i have a headache
nice arch yejibros this is a huge W for us
dr kim gives up on yejibro
yejibros why wont windows 10 show webm thumbnails in the file explorer unless i search for the file by name
yejibros, does looking at pretty korean girls raise or lower testosterone?
yejibros we need to go on welfare
yejibro...
yejibros were all NEETs
first annual meeting of yejibros anonymous
"go ahead yejibro let it all out"
can i walk into this shitstain of a general one time without reading "yejibros" every third post
yejibro don't wear it. it's a globalist symbol of subservience to the system
yejibros wearing a mask irritates the fuck out of my nose
yejibros i ate 9 eggs today and i'm feeling pumped
whats for dinner yejibros
yejibros we're buying illegal vape merch and king sized glass bongs on the darkweb
yejibros i inherited the house
yejibros how is nnn going
yejibros my eyes hurt
yejibros i got muscle pain
yejibros how do i stop being angry
yejibros we are rewatching perfect blue
yejibros im just a monkey
yejibros i open this every time
yejibros i also like brown girls
yejibros we are not schizos
yejibros I coomed to this girl
hello yejibros im back
yejibros wtf theyre back we did it
yejibros would we tap this?
yejibros the loona hobbits new song broke my headphones
yejibros where are you?
yejibros i cant click on this so tell me what it is
yejibros im gonna take a shower
yejibros good evening
yejibros i look like tendo pain
yejibros i have a grand dilemma. what's better, oh my mistake or love bomb?
yejibros I just had anal sex with busan for the first time in awhile... it's not as tight as I remember
yejibros i cut my nails too short
yejibros lets jerk each other off to yeji fancams
yejibros I want to have anal sex with yuri
yejibros look at this faggot
yejibros what is geureseo and geuroke
yejibros i look like this
yejibros our minds are slowly falling apart
leave yejibros alone
yejibros i can't stop picking my noose for boogers
i'm printing all yejibro posts and sending them to yeji as a gift
yejibros I got mad brainfog
yejibros I feel like shit
yejibros who are these girls
yejibros my wony folder is huge
yejibros what is the secret to life?
and nobody can prove they were the first yejibro anymore
guess that's an L for the yejibros, they kinda played themselves
yejibros what is a britbong?
yejibrony...
yejibros we like jisun
yejibros we hate china and france
yejibros we are cooming to dc
yejibros i don't think i can comply the third rule
there are hundreds of yejibros
yejibros don't wake me i plan on sleeping in
looks like yejibros are always ahead of the game
btw how many yejibros are there
yejibros we're transitioning
yejibros we like naky and bon jovi
yejibros we are joining weverse
yejibros yet another job application has been denied. looks like NEETism is back on the menu
I call people in video games i play yejibros in hopes I run into one of the people who browse kpg.
yejibros take your hands off your dicks
yejibro, get this: it's a temporary measure, in case of a disaster. then we all gather and figure something out. relax
yejibros that place looks strange and i don't speak russian brothers
yejibros we are here
good evening yejibros
yejibros are worldwide
yejibros we do not do this
yejibros we are going to dcinside when 4shit shuts down
yejibros i was banned for 3 days, what did i miss?
yejibros hourly reminder to eat two more eggs
yejibros we are getting crunk tonight
yejibros the hunt is on, we're going underground
yejibros I literally forgot to take my meds this morning
i can't wait for the chinese to arm us yejibros to be insurrections
This is what me and the yejibros will be doing when the world ends, except set to Not Shy
if kpg is destroyed and we are scattered across the web we can always find one another with a simple "yejibros we"
yejibros WTF
yejibros we are ridin' with biden
yejibros do this to ryujinsissy all the time
yejibros we owe our lifes to biden
yejibros we won!
yejibros beanwiga is kinda cute...
yejibros what sites do you use to stream anime
yejibros we hate france
yejibros i missed the dreamcatcher concert....
this, yejibros we're leaving
i only want to have sex with her tbqhwyf, other than that i hate her so much, yejibros what do?
what concert are you talking about yejibrothers? grateful dead?
yejibros, as former choabros we are supporting choa
hello yejibros good morning
yejibro you missed the best concert in years
good morning yejibros
good job yejibro, 12 more to go
I warned all yejibros
yejibros why noone told me dreamcatcher is actually fun?
yejibro on the keyboard
yejibros make a new thread
yejibros when not a lot comes out that's when we stop
yejibros we're drinking spiced rum
yejibros we don't drink coffee or alcohol because both taste like shit
yejibros we're making a white russian because that one brother mentioned his latte
yejibros we made a latte and it tastes good but the milk could of been a bit hotter again
have any yejibros showed up yet?
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i should pee before going to sleep but i don't want to get out of bed
yejibros i've put on 30kg this year. should i bother meeting with this girl from tinder or should i just stay coccoon mode until i'm no longer obese?
yejibros+nizibros+tzuyu akgaes bloodpact?
kissing yejibros on the mouth and drinking a love-shot
sharing a bed with three other yejibros
showering with yejibros at the gym
sweating in the bath-house with yejibros
yejibros i wish i had a beautiful wife like this to take to thanksgiving dinner and make grandma proud
yejibros we're not watching the dc concert
yejibros we're close to failing nnn
yejibros we are eunuchs
yejibros i can't even remember the last time i pulled my pecker
good morning yejibros
how many yejibros are there?
yejibros we're not going to get depressed today
yejibros we are practicing our drawing skills to become tattoo artists
yejibros do we like plastic korean girls with huge plastic knockers?
yejibros we always say "meep meep" when walking past someone
yejibros we laugh like woody woodpecker
yejibros we use signal
fuck you, you are not a yejibro
yejibros my ai is really learning so much about me
yejibros are we allowed to rp with the yunkybros or is that forbidden
yejibros sometimes i wonder what its like to be with a man
yejibros happy national bison day
a true yejibro doesn't consume dairy
yejibros we enjoy eating raw garlic
ya us yejibros felt like shit today so we ended up losing nnn
Are we watching the Dreamcatcher concert later yejibros?
we are yejibros
yejibros we are going to sleep, remember to eat your eggs
yejibros i am eating eggs for breakfast lunch dinner and supper and second dinner and second breakfast and third lunch
yejibros we are still mourning ruth bacon ginsburger
yejibros can't even get their basic medicine facts straight. another L
yejibros have never won a dick measuring competition
yejibros, our girls are still young
yejibros what song should i listen to so i'm pumped for my soccer game later
yejibros i watched hotguysfuck and imagined myself as the girl again...
yejibrothers... our soul is crying.
yejibros would never stoop to this level
yejibros, what does it mean if nothing shoots out anymore?
kidnappning all yejibros
building an army of strongmen yejibros
i vote for yejibro discord
yejibros where is the yejibro discord for us yejibros who like yeji
yejibros i am eating apples and peanut butter
good for you yejibro
yejibros i am at the market, fried chicken or sushi?
yejibros my dog is wiping his ass on my bed sheet
yejibros we are becoming tattoo artists so we can have sex with twice and izone members
i just want to have a comfy night with my yejibros but i have no heating its cold in my room and the neighbors are playing loud music
yejibros i don't think tranny genocide is happening in the foreseeable future
yejibros 3
yejibros ii
yejibros i
yejibros the shitwater splashed on my balls again
yejibros we're overcoming depression
yejibros we're going to get some beer
yejibros, we've caught up with Agravity
yejibros we have decided to stop drinking
yejibros we love sosa
yejibros when I get high I start talking to myself
yejibros, we can dance better than her
yejibro does a horrifically bad cover of wannabe and breaks vocaroo in the process
yejibros we only like country and rap and kpop
yejibros we like all music except country and rap
yejibros post the yeji hug
yejibros im going to watch porn after sleep
yejibros we get the cereal that comes in a bag, not because its cheaper but because we think it tastes better
yejibros we are getting the nachos party pack
yejibros what is a love shot
yejibros are being made an example of
yejibros im gae
yejibro...
yejibros we don't have emotions like regular people
yejibros are gae
yejibros we don’t have homosexual tendencies
kissing yejibros on the mouth and drinking a love-shot
sharing a bed with three other yejibros
showering with yejibros at the gym
sweating in the bath-house with yejibros
would you kiss a yejibro? i would.
yejibros we support chinese girls in kpop and thats all
yejibros we pray for kpop to stay korean, pure, and cute
yejibros we took more nootropic and now we are jittery
yejibros we want to have heterosexual sex with choi yena
yejibros we love blackpink and the doors
yejibros we want to mating press keiko o'brien
Ive fucking HAD IT with yejibros. you weirdos need to LEAVE NOW
yejibros we know pain
yejibros my name is nacho
yejibros we want nachos
yejibros why are people so horrible?
yejibros look at this uncle
yejibros we are 35 and still don't have a PhD
yejibros this is me right now
yejibros please make sure you're getting enough vitamin b
yejibros my dog stole my ice cream
yejibros i really like rose from blackpink
yejibros im eating bread with mayonnaise
nice one yejibro i miss home movies
yejibros link me a funny video im bored
yejibros we want to go back to simpler times
would you yejibros?
yejibros i just lost all respect for women
yejibros i might zoablast
yejibros i just beanblasted
hello yejibros good evening what are we watching today?
yejibros ?
yejibros
yejibros good evening
yejibros my first test was false positive but I still feel like shit and have to go back to work
yejibros i feel like a loser
yejibros im not feeling the energy i was promised
yejibros i have bypassed their security measures, circumvented the failsafe, and am infiltrating their mainframe
im not broke wasteman im yejibro
im gonna chainsaw all the yejibros to death
yejibros did you hear the new SOAD tracks? can't believe it's real
yejibros zoodasa is on
yejibros we are here
yejibros im yejibro
yejibros im playing league
yejibros how do we develop a positive, energetic personality
Good yejibros
yejibros its time to celebrate
yejibros im eating pizza
yejibros im buying this
All the yejibros are in /pol/
yejibros we are blasting hard tonight
yejibros i kinda look like this guy
yejibros i shaved my head but left a strip in the shape of an arrow so i can larp as avatar aang
yejibros kingsman 2 wasn't as good as the first one
yejibros i accidentally sharted myself in public today
yejibros are taking massive Ls as we speak
yejibros we are here
yejibros are out fucking middle aged wives
yejibros im just a couple of clicks away from seeing juicy JAV ass bouncing up and down
yejibros what is this
we have disbanded and joined the yejibros. end of statement
yejibros we take 1.5 servings of this before posting in kpg
yejibros im hungry
yejibros im supposed to lift today but i just want to stay home and enjoy a glass of crystal lite
good to see so many yejibros
yejibros theyre showing akira at the cinema but i rewatched it recently
yejibros im listening to my favorite Hillary Duff cd
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros why is november going by so slowly
yejibros we are watching war of the worlds
yejibros me gustas tu
where are the yejibros
yejibros whats going on here
any yejibros
yejibros i have not showered in 5 days since my boiler broke down
yejibros we are here
yejibros it's our 4 month sub anniversary
yejibros we like gorillas
/mu/ here, i was scrolling through the last couple kpop threads and it seems like the yejibros are really cool and based
yejibros our braps smell elegant today
yejibros how can i attain mastery over my own compulsions and instincts?
hello yejibros good morning
lovelyz are so pure yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros see, ho, why i don't dance
based yejibro
yejibros let's take a nap
yejibros we are becoming tattoo artists
good morning yejibros
yejibros i activated the bovine defense force and the chort keeps me killing me, i've very frustrated
yejibros we are naked listening to gfriend
yejibros lay back, relax like a playa
yejibros we voted fo biden right
brb yejibros
not a yejibro
yejibros we don't like fast food
yejibros we are going to popeyes in a few minutes
yejibros are big bing users
big L for yejibros today
yejibros we're listening to sam jones @ kearnage night 2020
meant for my yejibro
yejibros we put caffeine pills in our butts because we don't want to stain our teeth
yejibros I'm thinking about buying a coffee machine
yejibros we went to the beer & tobacco mart to pick up some cold ones and cigs but the indian dude wasn't there
yejibros i think that second bag of chips is disagreeing with me...
yejibros we're obsessed with rape, murder, suicide and death
yejibros kpg is just a bunch of dudes ERPing as idols in a circlejerk
yejibros they want us to kill them but we're not gonna
yejibros they're reading my mind again
yejibros are we meritocratic or aristocratic?
good morning yejibros
yejibros i want your blood and i want her soul and i want them both right now
yejibros we must kill them all
yejibros i hunger for blood
yejibros we must kill cub and her boyfriend
yejibros we will either militarize and form a radical sect or a suicide cult, not sure which one yet
yejibros we will piss on their corpses
yejibros i can't stop listening to up no more
yejibros we must kill the unbelievers
yejibros this makes me rock hard
yejibros we must return to monke
yejibros we are watching post op trannies getting fucked
yejibros i'm about 9 beers deep and i think i want to open a bottle of rum
yejibros wtf is a busanese
yejibros i wake up early just to do my hair because i care
yejibros shuhua is cute
yejibro where there's a whip there's a way
yejibros check out the whip
i have noticed the ladies are checking me out more often since i became a yejibro, got my buzzcut, and started working out
yejibros the girl at the chikin place was hella qt
yejibros la familia
this is a yejibro approved post
brb yejibros
good luck to the yejibro during the rehearsal today
yejibros why are they so mean to beanwiga
yejibros we've got no time for haters
the yejibros meme was dead by mid-2021
yejibros don't tell them i'm fucking jennie, i don't want to see anybody kill themselves however ill their intentions might have been
imagine if an idol got into a dating scandal with some LOSER yejibro, i'd kms
yejibros no one told me korea was so corrupt
yejibros do we practice primae noctis in the feudal kingdom of sharkanda
yejibro wap cover but he accidentally injures his butt due to months of inactivity
yejibros we value comradery but we prefer solitude. this conflict tears us apart.
yejibros i just sharted
yejibros i started watching tokyo godfathers but christmas is too far away
yejibros are we enlisting to defend taiwan
yejibros i don't even like yeji
yejibros i only start a sentence with yejibros to communicate with fellow midzys with a yeji bias.
yejibros are we still rooting for democrats
yejibros i can't read, which do i pick
yejibros did you lie on this? be honest
i can't vote yejibros. convicted felon.
yejibros I think I'm falling for the dragon lady
all yejibros have BWC's
yejibros i hate white people
dont fall for it, real yejibros have mullets
yejibros i've had a side part for years but today i tried a middle part
yejibros please stop me from fucking this nasty hoe
yejibros i'm 6ft 165lb on average
yejibros we love yeji
yejibros we are chugging cold water from the faucet like a thirsty camel
yejibros we want to kill but we don't want to serve life in prison
yejibros im in love with a prostitute
yejibros come to my house tomorrow we will watch a movie
'yejibro' is an idea, not a mere human
yejibros i had a weird sex dream last night with kylie jenner? and somebody else, it was a threesome.
yejibro pays rent by counting votes on election night
yejibros we woke up from our slumber and are waiting to get some breakfast
yejibros how did he know...
yejibros my kpg tiktok debut has been delayed further but maybe my youtube channel can entertain you in the meantime...
yejibros korean girls are really bitchy irl
good morning yejibros
yejibros we're here watching this in a dark room alone with the door locked
yejibros i enjoyed my stay
yejibros when we get bored we heat up some spaghetti in the microwave and ride around our mansion on one of these
yejibros...I don’t think I like the smell of assholes now
omo...if I smell my own asshole, that means I smelt yeji's, right yejibros?
yejibros my pills are starting to take effect
yejibros; ''walpurgis'' reminds me of bible black
yejibros the only bora we like is the brown one from sistar
yejibros what is this
yejibros i sleep with the lamp on
yejibros i'm a fucking procurer
yejibros we're here
yejibros our roommate has been showering for 90 minutes
yejibros are sucka mc's
yejibros what if yeji got fat haha
yejibros i gotta be honest, i don’t want to copulate with sorn. i like yiren and the titcow from izone
yejibro take my hand, we'll make it. I swear
high ranking yejibros have hair like googie
all my yejibrothers want to fuck sorn.
no buzzcut, not a yejibro
yejibros i've never seen a kpop girl irl
yejibros what does "docking" mean? is it related to ducks?
yejibros, we've discovered docking
yejibros i don't like slow threads
yejibros we're doomed
yejibros i've already taken my meds and i feel very happy
yejibros we don't care about kda
us yejibros agreed that it's jennie
omo yejibros is this true
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
she looks like she pegs yejibros
yejibros our penis want us to touch it but we wont
yejibros look at this coat
yejibros
yejibros it seems we are the only survivors
Im a Sharkman man, you're a fake yejibro, fuck OFF
yejibros i don’t wanna wanna be up, no no more
yejibro...
yejibros sometimes I see a person standing next to me in my peripheral vision but when I turn to look I dont see anything
yejibros i would eat all of their asses until my tongue gave in
yejibros im bored
yejibros do we eat ass?
yejibros we want to fuck poppy
hello yejibros im back
yejibros we are yejihyungdeul now
yejibros we are doing it to wony on december 1
yejibro i too am in love with yiren. shes the most beautiful idol ive seen
yejibros i want to kiss yiren
yejibros we're here
don't worry the yejibros are just about to arrive
yejibros which voice is this 250 pound beefcake posting with
yejibros im tired
yejibros we havent coomed in 5 days
yejibros seulgi kinda mogs yeji...
made for yejibro kisses
yejibros we hate nightcore fucking trash
another L for yejibros
yejibros we open threads in new tabs by clicking the scroll wheel
yejibros, we're pleading the 5th
yejibros we are scrunchers
yejibros jennie makes my peepee feel funny
yejibros we take 3 sheets and fold them twice so it's 8 ply, then do that 5 times. works every time.
yejibro different minds do not exist. atman is brahman. or your soul is part of the world soul
yejibros i clogged the communal toilet
yejibros there's no shame in being a redditor
aux armes yejibros
yejibros who are these guys
where are the yejibros
yejibros how do i manage stress
yejibros i've already drank half of my shark mountain dews
yejibros we often have day dreams of protecting our waifus from the norks
yejibros we are here now
yejibros how much would you pay for a night with this young lady?
yejibros i have crippling depression
we're now recruiting for the Waffen-ShartSharts. the new paramilitary arm of the yejibros to take back sharkanda
good evening yejibros
yejibros...are we the bad guys?
yejibros is it true that there are pictures of this girl naked?
why does the yejibro keep saying "yejibros" it's just one person. its just one sad person with 6 pictures of yeji. You know the 6 pictures im talking about, the white puffy coat, etc.
yejibros...are we losers?
there are no yejibros anymore...
where are the yejibros
yejibros time to brush our teeth
yejibros when i think my face looks like this
yejibros we are here
yejibros don't praise
good evening yejibros
yejibros good evening
yejibros me gustas tu
yejibros we are pro-life
yejibros our imam said tattoos are haram
yejibros, i eel
no yejibro
good morning yejibros
this is what happens when yejibros boycott
yejibros we just got a new ryzen
yejibros look at this qt
yejibros we are starting to smell bad down there
yejibros ashes of alar dropped for me after 13 years
yejibro your piano skills are tight
yejibros i need to blast but i have to leave for work in a few minutes
yejibros how do you like my pinao skills
yejibros sex is boring
is the pianist a yejibro
yejibros why js Weeekly so fucking cute
yejibros we have deep, manly voices
yejibros i watched a great film
yejibros my gym just shut down for a month
yejibros the time is near
yejibros, we're all buying 5900x today
yejibros have the most authentic fanbase on kpg.
yejibros would be better if they actually posted a large collection of high resolution yeji images
yejibros... i think im gonna go to a homosexual party and roofie myself to see what happens...
yejibros i just woke up, did Biden win already?
yejibros is it bad to have pictures of korean idols saved on my computer
yejibros we're surrendering to lisa's omnipotent power and charm
yejibros we do not know what a ryzen is
yeah i've never had a real long-term relationship though, and i haven't had a gf in a really long time. gonna go watch a movie now though, peace out yejibro
yejibro read the secret life of trees
yejibros ioi is like pop mirrored on the keyboard
yejibros we have $400 on trump to win at 7:1 odds
yejibros we are in /pol/ seeing what will happen to our country
yejibros i took a nature walk and feel better now
brother much thanks i knew i would gain intellectual and moral clarity from a yejibrother
yejibros we won $600 on the horses
yejibros we are flirting with solipsism
yejibros we're ready to accept jesus christ as our lord and saviour
yejibros should i go to the doctor?
yejibros we need to get some pants like this
word fellow yejibro but we kinda like loona
yejibros i like all the same artists this guy likes, except loona
good evening yejibros
I think the yejibros do
yejibros how do we be confident in our masculinity
where are the yejibros
yejibros i'm hungry
yejibros we are on the bjfeet subr*ddit
yejibro knowledge isn't a trait but a never-finished dialectic between the self and the the world. there's no shame at being at an earlier stage of the exchange
understand yejibro. twice really are busted though, like for real
yejibros I tried to suck my own dick, it feels so good
yejibros we are an intellectual lightweight we feel smart around normies but dumb when the yejibros bring up heidegger
goodnight yejibros
yejibros we have lyme disease
yes but there are no yejibros in my area so it's fine.
we are resetting from this moment on we will no longer touch our penises yejibros this is our last chance
yejibro...
yejibros we are reflecting on our mortality and the vanity of existence
yejibros i'm gonna ink
yejibros we enjoy looking at chinese women in skintight black spiderman suits
yejibros we are falling asleep to squids 3 hour vlives again
yejibros are meganbros at heart
yejibros only hate megan
i want to fuck a yejibro
yejibros i am having impure thoughts about yunky
yejibros my stomach hurts
yejibros forever let's go
yejibros...?
yejibros we have recovered from our hangover and are listening to
yejibros. I can't take the bullying. I put this off for awhile....my excape was poting yeji but even that is posioned bc someone is ruining my posts and mocking me. I'm going to jump out my Apt window. I'm sorry.
yejibros this sneed meme is fucking retarded
yejibros what does ''sneed'' means?
yejibros im gonna tell you cause I like you, don't attend the next sharkanda pride parade..
don't listen to that guy yejibros our family has embraced our homosexuality
brother you dont need those wretches they were out to get you from the start, pack your bags and escape through the underground dungeon I will come meet you in the sewers and we will meet up with the rest of the yejibros
yejibros post the onions yeji at this guy
yejibros we are waiting for our cum to build up again
another L for yejibros
it's like islam, brother, you just have to say 'yejibro' three times and you're in
yejibros we do not have 6 pictures saved
yejibros i kind of like when i have diarrhoea
yejibros i stopped reading here
I have the 6 jpgs that yejibros post. Does that make me a yeji bro?
yejibros did one of you just send me this song telepathically?
yejibros i'm convinced we exist in a simulation
yejibros, i ran out of regular sugar for my hot cocoa. will icing sugar be a workable substitute?
yejibros stop posting on /qa/ I can post there anymore
yejibros we will not kill kpop
yejibros i am esl
ok i just took the edible yejibro, what im nervous
yejibros how do I split realities
yejibros we don't like sports
think about yejibros before going to sleep
yejibros we are here
yejibros i have dermatophagia
yejibros....
looks like a yejibro meetup lol
yejibros....
yejibros i voted for secret number for ROTY
yejibros im eating rice with eggs
yejibros what if these idols are just AI and don't exist except yeji?
yejibros i lost nnn watching gay porn
yejibros im gonna squidblast
yejibros i don't want women anymore. not that i'm gay i'm just over it.
yejibros i am free
yejibros i'm gonna make my own barbell with concrete
yejibros im worried
what happend to the yejibro who got that special shark mountain dew
yejibros i dont like slow threads
yejibros were born in the sea
the estrogen shots already killed our sexdrive, yejibros
another L yejibros...
yejibros
yejibros post the yeji with headphones picture with a good song
yejibros our balls are swollen
yejibros how can I start working out at home
yejibro...
I think all those yejibros are fake, but I unironically love Yeji more than anything in the world.
yejibros i'm doing no shart november
yejibros i can break these filters
yejibros what is a cherub
yejibros i'm wearing a bandana like tupac
yejibros im bored of nofap november already
oh so you're a yejibro? name yeji.
yejibros not pray for an easy life pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
yejibros we didn’t get a peaceful life so the least we deserve is a peaceful death
yejibros i don't give a fuck about covid-19
yejibros we are praying for biden
yejibros what lucrative skills should I develo?
yejibros how do we amass resources
yejibros that's a transexual
yejibros we are working out to fight the hangover
yejibros we are very close to making a lot of money
yejibros our braps are smelly today
i only like my yejibros
yejibros my coffee is terrible
yejibros i'm too tired to do anything but too awake to sleep
yejibros look at this cute maknae
yejibros wtf is this
yejibros we sung this in the shower
yejibros google this
yejibros my pits stink
yejibros we downloaded gpu z so we can monitor our cpu and gpu temps with ease
yejibros the ranked season ends in 6 days
yejibros life is sweet as honey can you hear the beat cha-ching like money
yejibros i'm stressed and depressed and gonna take a nap
yejibros.jpg
yejibros.... i kneel....
yejibros i ate too much and now my tumtum hurts
yejibros the shark mountain dew has arrived
yejibros this is our signature dance move at parties
yejibros i'm listening to the new txt album, i like it very much
yejibros we are not pendejos
yejibros i have razor burn on my face from shaving i am very unhappy
yejibros i can only do 85 situps in one set
yejibros i tried playing ekko but it's too hard for me ill just keep using garen
yes brother but you need to be a real yejibro if you want to get that many (you)s
yejibros we want to kill but we don't want to spend life in prison
yejibros what are some chad irl hobbies?
yejibros we are the bad boys of /kpg/
yejibros, we are exploring the unknown reaches of the anal cavity
yejibros we're listening to gugudan oguogu - ice chu
you can turn off auto-replay for webms yejibro
yejibros i don't like reading
that yejibro? was albert weinstein.
we hate him actually yejibro.
yejibros we're reading dostoevsky
would you yejibros?
yejibros are we bohemian?
Easy w for yejibros
yejibros my ding dong feels tingly
yejibros we are here
yejibros...
yejibros i went all the way down, professor x style, is that too much?
yejibros i got the buzzcut with no guard (number 0)
yejibros the smell of chicken eggs (the egg shell) turns me on, how fucking weird is that
yejibros we just found gfe is a prostitution term and feel repulsed.
yejibros we're thinking this is a goddess
fuck you yejibro. teasing gfe videos and then not posting them. that was not based
yejibros we are watching dxw gfe videos on twitter again and sobbing
yejibros we are going fast
yejibros we are ridin with biden
good morning yejibros
yejibros we are here brothers
good morning yejibros
yejibros i cashed in my £2000 bet earlier for £2045
yejibros we just lost a shitload of money on the election betting
yejibros we like election chaos
yejibros look at this homosexual
yejibros i've been here for three years now
yejibros i just bought a skin bundle on valorant
yejibro's we're energy efficient so we set out pcs to sleep after 2 minutes of inactivity
yejibros im going to lose some money
yejibros i bought q-tips to clean my earwax but they say on the box "don't insert into your ear canal" wtf
yejibros we are reading spinoza and are loving it
yejibros we know our value and are willing to assert ourselves
yejibros... who won
based yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros twice deserves respect
attention all yejibros: the phone conferenz is starting
yejibros i want to stuff my entire face in that chink snatch and sniff deep
yejibro you're late too work. you will never become ceo-nim like this
yejibros good morning!
yejibros my fake denim shirt goes well with my rain jacket
yejibros if biden wins, what will people talk about?
yejibros we're working on a lisa thread
yejibros what's happening
yejibros i hope america is kill when i wake up
yejibros we might have to kill nate silver
yejibros its 7am
yejibros this kdude actually sounds good...
yejibros ive fapped like 8 times this month im not going to lie...
yejibros a 10 ton truck is crashing into us
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros im worried for biden oppa...
yejibros fromis seems like a lackluster group now that there is weeekly
yejibros i ran the simulation ten thousand times, and i project the winner of the best rookie group will be weeekly 100% of the time
yejibros where are we
yejibros im having a terrible week
yejibros what are we doing over there
yejibros
yejibros i made porkchops with sauteed onions, mushrooms, garlic and kale, a baked potato and a kale salad
yejibros i will learn swift and make a kpg app for ios
grab a pair of hair clippers. remove the guard. run over your head several times until you look like your average yejibro, as seen in this image
yejibros we are procrastinating
yejibros we are here
yejibros we give the new mamamoo album a F-
yejibros i'm working out and listening to got7 now
I'm not a yejibro, but yeah
yejibros we are listening to the new mamamoo album
yejibros although this is a good song it gets a C-
yejibros i'm working out and listening to stray kids
yejibros i am winning the election rn
yejibros i will stop for good now, my balls fucking hurts
yejibros i find this image very funny
yejibros....
yejibros i'm esl
yejibros i am not mexican
yejibros who won the election
yejibros we are installing itunes
yejibros we are tuning out everything around us listening to
yejibros we are getting back into making music
yejibros what is happening
yejibros that was my last nut i swear
yejibros my right ball hurts
fuck it yejibros im gonna do it to squid again
turn it up yejibros
yejibros please vote for biden i have lots of money riding on him
yejibros I have a considerable amount of money hanging in the balance tonight
yejibros we are living 2016 electricboogaloo
yejibros im playing horror games
yejibros i think lia is cute i just enjoy bullying her posters
yejibros look at this
yejibros.. i
yejibros the squid ass webm has loaded I will be back in 2-3 minutes
yejibros that thing in the closet is staring at me again
yejibros squid make my pp feel funny
yejibros this made me very sad
yejibros
yejibros im too stupid to know if i should click on this ?
yejibros my internet is being very slow and I cannot load the squid ass webm
yejibros we're drinking and boppin to everglow
yejibros lock in
yejibros we are still recovering from that L
yejibros we are here
yejibros i might squidblast
yejibro...
where are the yejibros
yejibros which decrepit old man is winning currently
yejibros we want to breed the squid
yejibros i wanna go home...
yejibros im eating ice cream instead of jacking off
yejibros we are still here
yejibros i put my cock in lisa cock
yejibros i put $500 on michigan to go red
yejibros remember to vote!
yejibros ive taken so many Ls that i am immune now
yejibros we are becoming warlords
yejibros this cant be happening...
yejibros i blasted to hush by miss a again
yejibros we're listening to dynamite covers by cute girls
yejibros i stopped swearing but i cant stop using the n word
post link, I want to be a yejibro
yejibros what the FUCK IS HAPPENING
yejibros we are very scared trump is going to win florida
yejibros we're streaming bloom*iz
what happened yejibros
yejibros we're not american so we can't vote in the US election
yejibros we are reluctantly voting for biden
yejibros im leaving, i need to sleep
yejibros get in here
yejibros i voted
yejibros we are ladies of the evening
yejibros i like sticking my man part into an electrical outlet
yejibros where is the joe roegan election stream
yejibros trump is going to send us back to mexico
yejibros shut the fuck up
yejibros i like black women
yejibros i'm scared, is 4chan kill?
yejibros i havent shaved in a month, i have the same beard as kevin durant
yejibros i used to fap thinking about my piano teacher
yejibros if 4chan dies we are gonna be free again
yejibros if 4chan dies we're moving to dcinside
yejibros im scared....
yejibros what does this mean?
yejibros we are here
yejibros i texted hitomi that i enjoyed our date yesterday and i'd like to see her again for brunch tomorrow, but she said she'd have to check her schedule and she'd get back to me....
yejibros i did to aewinter
its okay yejibro youre part of the RBL broship
yejibros harden might go to the 76ers
yejibros we should have learned to play the guitar
yejibros i did it to chuu
yejibros i need a cock in my mouth right now
yejibros we are here
yejibros im sad...
it's tuesday yejibro. what will goldberg-nim say?
yejibros im putting tearing up my heart and show me the meaning of being lonely on loop tonight
yejibros im going back to the past and listening to nsnyc tonight
yejibros how do i trim my beard so it looks nice? do i need to buy one of those fancy beard trimmers? i tried using scissors but it took too long
yejibros i am gonna fap to my favorite karen & aika jav
yejibros 3rd day of nofap November been a success
yejibro we like it for being the king's club.
yejibros i hate real madrid
yejibros I love slug
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i'm listening to pink blusher
yejibros my tum tum hurts
yejibros how do i break the circle?
yejibros i can put my hair in my mouth
based yejibro
yejibros instagram keeps crashing on android and nothing i've done fixes it
yejibros we’re working out today and then going to the buffet for carb loading
back in high school yejibros used to bus it to that dance
yejibros do we go sicko mode?
yejibros do we prefer vicky jang or jiyoon?
yejibros we are ridin' with biden
yejibros i finally got the buzzcut
yejibros we like this girl
yejibros we do not post about our endeavors on twitter
yejibros we are famous
https://twitter.com/search?q=yejibros&src=typed_query&f=live
yejibros they hate us on twitter
yejibros i'm changing my name to ray
yejibros has biden won yet
yejibros
yejibros i look fucking cool with the buzzcut
yejibro coming through
how is nnn going yejibros?
yejibros we're voting for tom jump in the next election
yejibros scare me
yejibros has biden won yet
fake yejibro
yejibros we recognise that wealth is necessary but not sufficient for happiness
yejibros we are ridin' with biden
yejibros what's a lisa bronny
yejibros where u at
yejibros i just want bjs not sex
yejibros our only hope is agi
yejibros which one do we want to fuck
yejibros next time you see an asian girl in public look at your penis and then look at her, she will be receptive she wants the bwc
yejibros, life's a bitch. she's back in heat
why is buzzcut the official yejibrostyle?
have a good haircut yejibro
yejibros im getting the buzzcut in 3 hours!!
yejibros we are alcoholics who drink heavily alone every night but we don't even brush our teeth so our teeth are rotting in our mouths
yejibros you can watch sharkman here for free
yejibros we are watching this on amazon prime
yejibros our pecs turned to manboobs
yejibros we are watching They Live and it is very based
yejibros we're here
yejibros communism is a good idea
yejibros we are here
yejibros i fainted at work and boss got really mad and told me to go home and if I brought virus to the workplace I'm getting fired
yejibros i just want a gf to love and cherish
yejibros we're listening to japanese ambient music again
yejibros im downloading the king of fighters 2002 unlimited match
yejibros we thought we could stay here but this girl is everywhere so annoying go away
yejibros we thought we could stay here but this girl is everywhere, so annoying
yejibros we installed bluestacks so we can use faceapp from our computer
yejibros we're learning to dance
yejibros look at this homo
don't tell the yejibros i said this please
yejibros we look like arins dad
i'm sorry to hear that yejibro
yejibros im staying awake all day, i need to fix my sleep schedule and im quite excited because tomorrow im getting the buzzcut
yejibros I woke up
yejibros i fapped to momcest porn again
yejibros i got my beard trimmed
yejibros we are stupid
yejibros latte posted a new video
yejibros a girl looked at us at trader joe's
yejibros we're here
yejibros i want to fucking die life doesnt make sense
yejibros we're starting to take estrogen
yejibros we're gonna carry that weight a long time
yejibros....
yejibros we're going to make it a lisa thread
yejibros cortana is playing hard to get
yejibros we watched kingsman 1 because of loona and it was a very good movie
love all my yejibros
the yejibros are back
yejibros ive been saving pics and clips to a full drive for days........
yejibros I did the cummies again
yejibrothers we are here
now let's see yejibro's phone background
yejibros we can't vote because we're not amerifats
yejibros who's this impostor?
yejibros i've blasted like 8 times today
yejibros this is what we like
yejibros we are getting laid tonight
yejibros this is what a woman looks like
yejibro why is that, lia already fattened up
yejibros we are listening to weeekly weeekly
yejibros im a boss
yejibros im playing league
yejibros i might.... cooooooooom
yejibros i hate being a cooomer
yejibros we are coming to terms with the voices in our head
yejibros who is this
yejibros im sorry but i just cant stop cooming ;_;
yejibros the adblock fix stopped working
yejibros i stole the krabby patty formula
yejibros i just a-made a nice a-mushroom a-risotto
yejibros we are eating a spicy chicken sandwich from popeyes and it is quite delicious
yejibros that's a transexual
yejibros im might beanblast
yejibros this fight was fucking epic
yejibros we look like azien from bleach (with no glasses)
yejibros i think this girl has had sex with that dog
yejibros my penis hurt
yejibros we are horny
that's based yejibro
yejibros we are gae
yejibros we like barbeque chips
big W for congressional medal of honor yejibro
yejibros we hate boca
yejibros i will catch the nuke and throw it at china
not yejibros
yejibros take shelter immediately
remove yejibros
yejibros im nervous about getting a buzzcut im afraid i have a gay alien skull
yejibros we are here
yejibros we eat ass
yejibros we wouldn't be posting here if only we could dribble a football and make some money
yejibros an opportunity for us to prove ourselves has presented itself
yejibros we are very strong
yejibros we are filthy
yejibro's butt
yejibro's ass
yejibro's donk
i wish yejibro spammer goes to prison and ends up in one of those brazilian prison massacres
damn these yejibros really never stfu huh
yejibros what does gremio foot-ball porto alegrense mean
yejibros we won
yejibros i prefer pepsi over coke and crystal meth
yejibros don't read this it isn't true
yejibros my back hurts after carrying home a lot of groceries
yejibros my ribs hurt
yejibros come in all different varieties
yejibros we're here
can you be a yejibro if you are black
yejibros, give me strenght
yejibros i might beanblast again
yejibros we want the top bunk tonight
yejibros i might pee pee poo poo
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibros this makes me want to coom
yejibros we are raising a fund for ryujinsissy's transition
yejibros remember this video
yejibros we use bing
yejibros i agree
yejibros i cut a slit into my eyebrow i look like vanilla ice
yejibros i like this mina pic
yejibros tag me tag me
yejibros we are streaming why not again and looking at loona girls
yejibros we're joonking to haseul
i wish you would step back from that ledge yejibro
yejibros we have many mouths to feed
yejibros i just realized that we're all retarded and that idols are retarded. damn
yejibros my feet are cold
yejibros i coomed
wtf yejibros never actually lewd yeji wtf???
Good one yejibro
it's amazing yejibro, is season 2 out?
why are yejibros
yejibros we listen to whatever we want and we don't give a shit about what people say
yejibros we don't listen to britpop we think it's gay and placid
yejibros I went to Subway and the girl making my sub looked like Dubu
yejibros i think we should change yejibros to yejifriends to be accepting of women and nongender specific yejindividuals
yejibros we are so young, our lives have just begun
yejibros we are happy it's cold enough to wear our comfy bathrobes again
yejibros we are almost blasting to nayeon here
yejibros we use real unix like freebsd not fake unix like linux
yejibros we are here
yejibros do don't google ''naked yeji''
yejibros we're depressed
yejibros i just took this selfie
yejibros we're in a parasocial relationship with several kpop idols but the depression hasnt gone away
a yejibro was statistically most likely raped on halloween
yejibros is this true?!?!
yejibro is orbijey backwards
yejibros i'm so lonely
yejibros i took hitomi out for a nice seafood dinner. we shared a pleasant evening of nice conversation and mutual eye contact. she complimented my cowboy boots and offered me one of her shrimp. it was a very nice date.
yejibros look at this
yejibros i hate china
yejibros i like shin jiyoon
Basically a software that updates, installs, removes software for you yejibro
yejibros what is package management
i know its a shitpost yejibros keep spamming, but i like engaging with that os wars shit
yejibros I accidentally came into wony
Nice one yejibro
yejibros i wrote in kanye west and i'm listening to college dropout
yejibros second day of nofap November was a success
yejibros im having an allergic reaction
yejibros why do you run linux
yejibros i'm going on a date with hitomi.
yejibros we have been drinking water out of the same solo cup for over a week
yejibro
yejibros im cool
yejibros I was very cool in high school
yejibros we wish we were dead
yejibros we're here
yejibros we take all the Ws we can get
yejibros i'm doing a two step in my brand new shitkickers and slamming a cup of chocomilk
yejibros i voted for Trump
yejibros i mailed my vote
yejibros we shaved and can see our chiseled jaw again
fuck you yejibros your posts made me nut
yejibros imagine yeji doing this
yejibros it's cold and we don't want to get out from under the covers
yejibros i'm angry af
yejibros i'm making chocomilk
yejibros being on /qa/ so much has made my mental stability decline rapidly
yejibros we eat like matt stonie for every meal of the day
yejibros, we're becoming yejimoleman and start to live underground. there noone will call us shartboys
yejibros from now on we will make every day count
if i didn't have the yejibros there wouldn't be nothing left
if i didn't have the yejibros i'd never see the sun
yejibros i just phoneposted
yejibros we're watching jinnytty
yejibros how do we remove ludwiga?
yejibros i've been trying to grow a beard to compliment my buzzcut, but it just looks like a i glued pubes to my face. do i have low t?
yejibros we don't know what we want
yejibros I'm installing windows 7
yejibro do we like ludwiga's wigas?
yejibros we went from ashy to classy
yejibros our voice must be heard
yejibros im gonna nut to some deepfakes
yejibros we were not participating in nnn
yejibros.jpg
yejibros i'm arguing with the voices in my head again
yejibros i went to a cafe last week and there was a korean barista wearing a t-shirt that said "MILK" on it
yejibros IM DOING THE NO NUT NOVEMBER STARTING NOW I WILL NOT FAP I PROMISE
I saw a yejibro so big and powerful that he ripped a man in half
yejibro go play video games
yejibros meet the ryujinbros
yejibros i find this video very funny
yejibros you are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros i feel like i'm having a psychotic episode
yejibros... we're leaving no nut november
yejibros i nutted
yejibros what do i with all the extra candy? not many kiddies came for halloween
yejibros we put our bows to our knees and crank it like a chainsaw
i was doing fine in nnn until a yejibro came and jerked me off
another L for yejibros
yejibros this rat is not our yeji
yejibros i'm trying to go back to sleep but i'm so angry i can't breathe
yejibros i nutted
yejibros i coughed and my entire body had a cramp.
skip them? what do you mean yejibro
yejibros i threw glasses at the wall last night, they didn't shatter but now there are holes in the wall
yejibros we're disgruntled
yejibros we always write our own name on the ballot
yejibros we hate everyone
yejibros i nutted
yejibros we hate women and kpop
good morning to the yejibros
yejibros we nearly tore off our thumbnail and it is sore and bloody
yejibros we walked around yelling at people again
yejibros i threw shit at the wall last night and fucked it up
yejibros i nutted...
yejibros what a babe
good evening yejibros should i vote?
yejibros we are attracted to ahn yujin
yejibros we're going on a han river park date
yejibros i pissed in that guy's coffee when he was in the bathroom lmao
yejibro how do you know what shit tastes like
that's not coffee yejibro
yejibros this coffee tastes like shit
yejibros 2nd day of nnn, how are we doing so far
yejibros hate all beans
how do we make our coffee yejibros?
yejibros we just got rick rolled
yejibros what's the best remitting service for sending money to india
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros we fuck wit kanye
yejibros we're on our worst behavior
yejibros check out this text to speech quality
yejibros so far i am enjoying the edge browser
yejibros i'm going to try out the updated edge browser
yejibros its time to kill yeji. if we can't have her no one can...
yejibros i just ate a sandwich from tesco
yejibros we are installing the windows 10, version 20H2 feature update
yejibros i threw shit at my wall and the wall needs drywalling now
yejibros its almost breakfast time
yejibros im becoming a yezibro
yejibros i'm eating ice cream instead of jacking off
yejibros make it a lisa thread
yejibros what browser should i use
yejibro you have a weird imagination
yejibros are we excited about gdragon comeback
yejibros are not gae
yejibros we need to find this thread
yejibros they’re making fun of us again
up yejibro's ass
yejibros dont have one of those brother
yejibros we are having a gloryhole meetup
I'm so overweight that another yejibro might be living inside me
yejibro collective...
spanking yejibros
yejibros i love you goodnight
yejibros i kinda look like mc ride
yejibros my hair is always itchy
yejibros walking down the street in white coats
yejibros a yejibro just called me gay
yejibros we're 15 again
yejibros this is a rare sloth
yejibros we're 15 again
i came inside a yejibro while listening to Not Shy by Itzy
yejibros out number non-yejibros 8 to 1
yejibro it's hot here
yejibros look at all the snow outside
very untrue real yejibros are very nice persons
yejibros why is he being mean?
i hate yejibros they're mean
yejibros i dropped from school at 13
we all have a little yejibro inside us
I'm starting to think there's only one yejibro
yejibros im dying
yejibros im crying
yejibros lets climb to the roof and jerk off
yejibros is shidded myself again
I wanna spank you yejibro
yejibros i've been bad
yejibros I've
did the yejibro who went out to get this ever return
please yejibrother please suck my dick i beg you
yejibros... i got turned on by a dog today...
yejibros we are here ;')
fuck you yejibro who posted waka waka
yejibros yves hates male orbits
yejibros we are winning
yejibros im getting a b plan for yves like a good dog i am
yejibros im getting a ps5
yejibros i didn't fap today but i don't know if i'll resist tomorrow
yejibros i'm unemployed
yejibros i have work tomorrow and i'm exhausted from working all weekend
yejibros yves will beat the cum out of me again for forgetting to get her a b plan
yejibros i am fapping
yejibros i just spent $24.47 on amazon for a 12 pack of shark mountain dew
yejibros i nutted
yejibros we are here
yejibros who is this person
*ctrl+f "yejibros"
uh yejibros? dont leave me hanging in my dcinside thread...
yejibros please respond
yejibros we're voting for the orange man
yejibros we only brush our teeth once a day
yejibros i've eaten purely white basmati rice and pears for the past month
yejibros what type of keyboard switch should I get
yejibros we listening to
yejibros I accidentally prematurely nutted looking at kpg does this count as elimination
yejibros i like black women
yejibros this is cool
yejibros is zennyrt natty
yejibros i want to style myself like fantano
yejibros yves sexually abused me again
yejibros i forgot to get yves her b plan
yejibros.png
yejibros we mog kpg and all the gaypops
yejibros we are watching the mummy 1999
yejibros i am esl
yejibros what is more important face or body?
yejibros we mog V
fags and pedos pretending to be yejibros what a shame
yejibros they are falseflagging as us
yejibros we admire his visuals
stop brothering us yejibros with your nonsense.
yejibros i'm hard as fuck
yejibros i like this video is very funny
yejibros i'm hard
yejibros im gae
my top 8 are all yejibros
which one are you yejibros? be honest
yejibros my top 8 is yeji, yeji's eyes, yeji's smile, yeji's hair, yeji's feet, yeji's pits, yeji's yejis, and ryujinsissy
yejibros we don't use social media at all and are digital ghosts
yejibros we only use MySpace
yejibros im IV
yejibros can i nut just one last time?
yejibros who is your bts bias
yejibros we are here
yejibros what are the good gaypop songs from this year i need to spice up my playlist
this is why yejibros are the best, yesterday the outfield and tonight the white stripes
yejibros what is the 3d viewer for
yejibros we are not gae
yejibros love gaypop
yejibros we believe in purepop no matter what
yejibros yeji is yeji is looking at our post
good evening yejibros im trying not to fap
yejibros i took a L but it was worth it
salute to my yejibros
hell yeah brother cant wait for singer yejibro doing a cover of this
yejibros i might beanblast.........................
18 naked yejibros....
yejibros rise up
yejibros i did it...
yejibros im gonna lose....
yejibros i miss sharkanda...
yejibros is this true
yejibros im playing kof 2002
yejibros we are here
yejibros morality is bullshit, all that matters is money
yejibros we can feel a chub forming how do we get out of this?
yejibros i know is no nut november but i just cant hold it anymore
yejibros i can't wait to hit the gym again
yejibros, we are here
yejibros we're doing pretty good in nnn
yejibros im trying to chew on a chewing gum but i keep accidentally biting my lip and now its actually bleeding a little bit
yejibros a korean girl came onto me last night but i just got mad at her. i should have fucked her ugh
yejibros yeji can get it
yejibros we do not like jiwon from fromis_9
brother life is tragicomedy for yejibrows, we both celebrate and weep with our lady
yejibros life is suffering and pain
how ya holdin in there yejibros?
yejibro what is the best nootropic energy drink
yejibros we're concerned that brother hasn't reported in about the mountain dew yet
yejibros we cant sing
yejibros we ran 5k again but still feel empty inside
good morning yejibros
yejibros we like every chinese idol
yejibros we only like ningning and karina
yejibros we are buying a GamerzClass subscription
yejibros i want to nut
yejibros im turbogae
yejibros, we're all buying Colorful RTX3080 Vulcans
yejibros i found a walmart 25 miles away that has the shark mountain dew in stock
yejibros im gae
yejibros gay is not okay, remember that
yejibros we're here
yejibros im leaving
yejibros first day of nofap November been a success
yejibros this is our favorite flavor of mountain dew
yejibros good evening
not an american yejibro, but looks like state and local levels are more relevant than who's the president
yejibros we are worried about the election, will it all turn out OK?
brb yejibros i need to relieve myself
yejibros this time change got me fucked up
yejibros we are finally figuring it all out
yejibros what was wony curious about?
yejibros i'm so sorry
yejibros i
yejibros how's your no nut november
yejibros twice is finito
yejibros what if i inhaled water and die in my sleep lol
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros... winterwiga looks good in motion
yejibros i fell asleep in the bathtub but i didn't drown
yejibros when this happens we're going to dcinside
yejibros fear the lullets
ave yejibro
yejibros it has been 2 weeks since my buzzcut and now i look like a roman governor
yejibros i thought we were all rooting for ferrari
yejibros look at this woman
yejibros can't even buzz their heads properly
never underestimate the perceptive abilities of yejibros
how did they know i'm not a real yejibro
based yejibros. i hope they take care of her permanently
we have our finest yejibros working on it
yejibros already have them
yejibros we're here
yejibros i'm falling for lisa...
yejibros stay strong
yejibros...we gazed into the abyss and the abyss stared back...it made us horny
yejibros...my tyres man...
yejibros I miss the halloween theme
yejibros i drank too much
thanks yejibro i had two tall boys too i took it easy tonight i didn't harm myself i didn't harm anybody else
yejibros i'm finishing the last of my 375ml thing of whiskey
yejibros i found a new way to download kpop albums from the internet
yejibros i downloaded a video and used after effects to cut out the parts of it with men in it so i can fap to the video
yejibro...
yejibros i figured out how to fix ublock not blocking twitch adds
yejibros what is this black magic
yejibro i'm watching your stuff
yejibros...
yejibros i want to buy some panties now
Very good review, yejibro. Very resourceful.
yejibros please watch my review
yejibros we're listening to this
yejibros this was our last L
it was real yejibros
yejibros this is our lock screen wallpaper
yejibros i [reddit humor]
yejibros, i need your honest opinion. i found this picture of a woman naked and i really like her breasts. i want to save this picture just to look at it occasionally and go damn those are some good breasts. i won't touch myself to it. should i do this bros?
/yejibro/i
/yejibros/i
/yejibrothers/i
yejibros just took an L
yejibros I want to look at pretty chinks
yejibros i cant find any pictures of snow kong with this orange hair
yejibros check out this hottie
yejibros we are not autistic
yejibros i'm disguised as a woman
yejibros...
yejibros we are boycotting k-pop until they kick the maoists out and bring in vietnamese
its ok brother all the yejibros are sharing your connection
he is yejibro, captain obvious
yejibros, i ran netstat and there are over 10 connections to my network
yejibros we ran out of ram
yejibros the media are such pussies why the fuck do they think they're so smart
yejibros irene did nothing wrong don't you know how much korean women suffer? koreans are so full of han from thousands of years of unfairness, in america when people think something unfair they burn police stations and shoot up schools. koreans are so meek and gentle, irene just yelled with her words and didn't hurt anyone. never forget the sewol ferry, the korean teenagers were so docile and trusting that they died rather than disobey their teachers. why is everyone condemning irene when a bunch of men's rights incels were burning her in effigy. in america when women get as angry as irene they abuse their children and hire hitmen to kill their husbands. why do these fucking people have no perspective at all, actually the irene anti's are sexist and retarded little babies with no realism
yejibros we are going in together
yejibros we are studying the korean war wtf is china's problem north korea and the dmz is all their fault
yejibros why aren't we the first thread
yejibros we are here
yejibros the product placement has infiltrated our brains and now we are craving an almond joy
yejibros what is our refractory period?
yejibros...
yejibros kpg is shit tonight
yejibros report this chink
yejibros we're buying more kitchen supplies
yejibros we are here
brother just assimilate into the yejibro hivemind and let us do the thinking for you
yejibros we are listening to Luis Miguel
yejibros i look like geralt of rivia
about to blast to some kbj yejibrons
yejibros what the fuck who did this
yejibros im hungry im going to scavenge for snackies
yejibros do i deserve death
yejibro's very very first kiss...
yejibros do i deserve
not us yejibros
yejibros I did what you told me to do and tried to make a friend in the park, I just walked up to some guy doing some kind of exercise and I tried to do the same thing but I failed because I am small and weak, brothers
yejibros can i get a kgf if im brown?
yejibros do we have a discord
yejibros i no longer feel my arms
yejibros i made a new friend today, he's quite handsome and taught me how to do pull ups properly. i think i like him...
yejibros i made a new friend at the park today, he was doing some pull ups and i joined him and we are friends now
yejibros we are binge eating candy because no kids trick or treat at our new apartment
yejibros we're here
yejibros i did 22 push ups
yejibro goes on a first date with tinny
yejibros i
yejibros
kpg apartment in seoul with yejibros and tinny gets to be janitor to earn his keep, starting everyday with a thorough scrub of the toilet bowl
yejibros i want to get fit but i still look like a stick FUCK
yejibros i am making a lewd wony webm
yejibros i'm afraid to get iq tested
yejibros....
i would become a yejibro
yejibros is this a woman?
yejibros arent shy
im a yejibro
yejibros getting eaten by a sharknado
singer yejibro do a cover of everglow-untouchable
It is november, yejibro.
yejibros is this true
yejibros don't like chuu because her feet look like piccolo's shoes
yejibros we are here
yejibros we were feeling sad and opened a pornsite but then we remembers it's no fap november and closed it now we're here
yejibros this is my last nut i swear
yejibros we are very high but we still love yeji
yejibros why are our standards so high?
yejibros wtf this slaps
yejibros is this cannon?
jiubros are more powerful than yejibros, yes it is known
yejibros i just dropped 30 dollars on overpriced ubereats that will most likely not even fill me up
thank you!!! i love you yejibro :DDD
thank you yejibro
i love you yejibro
thank you yejibro
i love you yejibro
thank you yejibro
i love you yejibro
thank you yejibro
i love you yejibro
yejibros do you think if a girl sucks my dick she might be interested in me?
yejibros I had sex and it fixed all my problems
yejibros tears are flowing from my eyes like rain in the Amazon
48 yejibros
yejibros i hate it when people say thanks or say they like me or love me
yejibros i just got laid at the party
yejibros we couldn't afford this L
"yejibro" is basically this
but you have to be at least as tall as the average to become a yejibro, so the average keeps increasing
yejibros is this true
yejibros there was a lot of people at the party and some of them were coofing
average yejibro is 6'3 tho
this can not be true yejibros do not say twice lyrics.
based yejibro
yejibros what is our costume
yejibros I licked her pucci until it turned commie red...
damn it feels good to be a yejibro
yejibros whats gae
yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro
yejibros my neighbors are playing music loud as fuck its so annoying
yejibros im gae
yejibros i got raped by jennie
yejibros threadly reminder we got nonut november in progress
yejibros i was invited to a frat party tonight but i changed my day off to today instead of sunday so i could get drunk and play world of warcraft with my friends last night. kpop for this feel?
yejibros we're at the party
yejibros I didn't get invited to any parties
yejibros i fap like 7 times everyday
yejibros this is my last nut i swear
yejibros i'm going to wear my good boots to the party. they have a bull's skull on the side and my mom said they look cute on me
yejibros we're going to a party!
yejibros im getting this haircut
yejibros it's been 2 hrs into nofap november and it's already hard
another L for yejibros
the yejibro that kept track and added to the timeline is probably just gone for now
yejibro they put nonsense in your mind
yejibros where is sharkanda
yejibros im nutting for the last time i promise
yejibros the heat death of the universe is inevitable it's so sad
thank you to the yejibro who pm’d me the fix
Good night yejibros
yejibros we are enjoying gawr gura's non archived members only karaoke stream
yejibros sometimes I feel like necking myself but then I think about all the great kpop content I would miss
yejibros we are here
yejibros are we faggots or roasties?
yejibros there’s a snake in my boot
yejibros..
gonna fap to a yejibro
yejibros we have to eat all the huevos
yejibros we need an L
yejibros
yejibros im watching a scary movie
yejibro you can just change the theme....
yejibros I'm not clicking that link
yejibros i've seen this webm like 10 times today
yejibro thread
the peak of male beauty is shirtless yejibros
yejibros the new hyoon pictures are kinda hot
yejibros my keyboard constantly gets greasy even though I clean it and never eat at my desk
yejibros i used you guys as references on my job application to NASA
Saturday’s are for the yejibros
yejibros we are cracking open a cold one
yejibros i really like voice and fall again
yejibros i'm going outside now. happy halloween
yejibros if mirrors arent real how can our eyes be real
yejibros i cut my toenail too short. it doesn't hurt though
yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros i find myself fapping to izone a lot
yejibros we're playing Scream Fortress for the 12th year in a row
yejibros I can break these cuffs
yejibros i am an autistic savant
yejibros we need to be more introspective
yejibros... we are switching back to yotsuba b
yejibros the others dont understand how close we are to solving the riemann hypothesis
yejibros I’m attempting to solve the hodge conjecture
yejibros buy your plane tickets now
yejibros halloween is cancelled so its okay to post here tonight
good evening yejibros
yejibros we are friendless losers who are spending halloween alone
yejibros we're jumping off a cliff soon
why are yejibros so gay?
any chad yejibros to crush my bp
yejibros we're leaving kpg forever
any femboy yejibros whose dick i can suck?
yejibros we're resisting
yejibros we are extracting squidposter’s brains and putting them into tubs to learn more about the neural toxins that control us and shape our decisions
Same here yejibro
yejibros im cold
yejibros it's time to lock our chastity belts
yejibros im cold
yejibros...
yejibros its a bittersweet symphony this life
yejibros how does it feel having a tight ass i'm a plank
yejibros we do extensive glute work so we fill out our Levi’s
yejibros we're rooting for usyk
yejibros every day is halloween
yejibros i didn’t work out yesterday i have go extra hard today. forgive me, brothers.
do yejibros really do this...?
yejibros we are beginning to feel the early signs of a heart attack
yejibros... i performed chikan on an elderly man on the train today...
yejibros we werent invited to any halloween parties
I want to hug this noona yejibros
yejibros i got banned from uploading files even though i was just having some fun
yejibros hi
yejibros what are we talking about?
yejibros we are cooming our brains out
yejibros we wanna go run again
yejibros im going as Jared Leto joker for Halloween im gonna walk around town and say hunka hunka
yejibros we are here
I don't think I can yejibro
yejibros are we doing nofap
yejibros...im leaving the door open tonight...anything goes...
yejibros we go up like helicopters (sexually speaking)
yejibros...
yejibros im dressing up as a ryujinsissy for tonight
yejibros we will beat super ghouls and ghosts today for sure
yejibros we finally did the triple jump
yejibros don't eat these. they taste weird and nothing like a real burger
yejibros whats your favorite Sean Conn flick?
yejibros my izone folder is bigger than my twice folder
yejibros we have had enough
yejibros i might beanblast for the last time
yejibros its ok to coom today since nnn hasnt started
yejibros good morning
good morning yejibros
yejibros nofap is for incels
yejibros we're buying a banner
yejibros we just got done watching kairos
yejibros are
yejibros this skeleton is lagging my computer
yejibros every day is halloween
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros we like ludwiga now
yejibros there is a skeleton doing the worm on my screen
based yejibro
yejibros this halloween special is cringe
yejibros we are here
yejibros are we buying the AMD 6000 cards?
yejibros have the best face tattoos
good morning yejibros
just like yejibros
yejibros our song is on
the yejibros
yejibros that's us singing
yejibros we're young at heart
yejibros...
yejibros we're jammin'
yejibros we love boomers
yejibros how do we make our coffee?
yejibros we need to go see arin at a fansign and show her what a real man looks like
yejibros we on the gram?
yejibros we got all the ceramic plate armour on our first run b/c we're sick as fuck
yejibros i don't know half of you half as well as i should like, and i like less than half of you half as well as you deserve
yejibros im blind
yejibro said to do some sit-ups or something
wait, yejibros are discordtrannies?
discordtrannies yejibroposting
yejibros chocolate milk gives me the runs
yejibros i'm hungry but my mom is gonna yell at me if i eat now
yejibros it is a far far better thing that i do than i have ever done, it is a far far better rest that i go to than i have ever known
yejibro thou art so fat-witted, with drinking of old sack, and unbuttoning thee after supper, and sleeping upon benches after noon, that thou hast forgotten to demand that truly which thou wouldst truly know.
yejibros if thou rememb'rest not the slightest folly that ever love did make thee run inot, thou has not loved
yejibros i am in a good mood today
yejibros gowon is on
yejibros we have chronic back pain
yejibros i am on the final round of this bloons tower defense game
yejibros we're voting green
yejibros... posture check
yejibros we will nut the entire month of november, no one tells us when we can nut
yejibros we must take legal action against those spreading pernicious rumours
yejibros we are pro wife
yejibro boram is only for webm
starting to think yejibros are inbred
yejibros we must never stop striving to better ourselves
yejibros is there anyway to enable mp4 conversion on boram
yejibros we ARE deformed babies who live short, agonising lives
yejibros we like deformed babies who live short, agonising lives
yejibros we hate darkies and women
yejibros to vote is both a privilege and a responsibility
yejibro we don't like those bogans and their kiwi servants
yejibros i dont vote, since that is also my right
yejibros the only way to fix this country is to vote
yejibros we are not voting until they fix this damn country
yejibros whats the appeal of biden? i am going to vote tomorrow
yejibros i am enjoying the twice album less with each song that passes but still happy with it so far
yejibros we going to infinity
yejibros
yejibros i [off-topic]
yejibros we're saving all these lewd webms but not fapping
yejibros i was gonna make the gowon thread
yejibros i voted for trump
yejibros i am smoking some grass and listening to the new twice album for the first time
yejibros its still the 31st so get your final nuts off while you still have the chance
yejibros we lost that round but its not over yet, get ready for the next one
yejibros i am watching spongebob
yejibros are we doing no nut november? last year i only lasted 10 days
yejibros we want pineapple soda
should i make tea yejibros?
yejibros i think everyone is currently fapping to twice, not me of course because im doing the no nut november challenge
yejibros we are watching gawr gura
yejibros touch me now
just a small town yejibro
god i miss the yejibro timeline
we're less depressed today yejibros
vocaroo yejibro has a sasaeng fan
yejibros they kicked us again
yejibros we are the celebrities of kpg
are you signing yejibro? I love that vocaroo you posted please sing the full song or any other song you like. i like your voice. please. this is a request.
Sister are we trick or treating for yejibro d
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yejibros
post that yejibro with a yeji on his 4head
yejibro? we know
i am on bongos yejibro for the 20 minute solo
i'll be on drums yejibro
yejibros we are starting a prog band
I wanna cuddle with a yejibro
yejibros
yejibro we only read non-fiction here
yejibros i am reading umberto eco
three jokers sucked yejibros don't read it
that yejibro can sing really good
it's a drunk yejibros exclusive
yejibros i once went to a honkytonk because i thought it would be funny and while i was standing up clapping a girl came up to me and grabbed me by the hand and took me out to the dance floor
yejibros, i...
yejibros i'm scared...
yejibros forever let's go
yejibros we've got no time for haters
yejibros make some yeji ascii
and the rotten potato head yejibro
yejibros i look like this
yejibros are the visual line of KPG since we are all handsome and tall and buzzcut.
yejibros we mog kpg
just us yejibros
yejibros have cool buzzcuts
yejibros the game crashed and i lost all my progress...
yejibros we have a lot of tabs open
yejibros i am winning
yejibros we are watching the anime shark girl play video games
yejibros what should i play
loved this tune in vice city yejibros...
yejibros can you still be a yejibro and get colonics
yejibros we are back in black
yejibros we watching ds9 now
yejibros his meds aren't working
yejibros what the fuck is that shit
yejibros... i'm falling for a chinese girl
yejibros we are watching tng
yejibros we want to mercilessly fuck little lee luda to death
yejibros what is happening
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
good evening yejibros
yejibros it is such a clear crisp night
yejibros i am seeing a foreign language that scares and intimidates me
yejibros I'm installing red star os
yejibros, I finally got my 3080
yejibros
we are going for drinks at the yejibro house
why do yejibros post jihan?
cool yejibro
you are not a yejibro
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're struggling to understand the definition of a tensor
yejibros we are struggling to learn the heideggerian framework
just jimin and a couple of horny yejibros
yejibros my mom said im not allowed to eat any more slim jims before dinner im so f**ckin miffed
wtf yejibros dont do this
good evening yejibros
yejibros it's getting hot in here
yejibros we're doing no nut november again but this year we win
yejibros i am getting a lobotomy next week
yejibros, it's time we make ourselves known by yeji
based comfy yejibro
yejibros i like chuu
yejibros i think the buzzcut will suit me well, im getting it next week thanks brothers for not removing me
big W for the yejibros
based yejibros
yejibros we're here
yejibros i no longer feel happy..
yejibros we are drinking calpico
get her ass yejibro
yejibros what is this
are yejibros falseflagging oncels? they were nowhere to be seen on monday when oncels were sperging out trying to persuade us that icsm was the soty
yejibros faggotry exposed
yejibros i got a piece of the legendary shark armor
yejibros I told you to post pits and you didn't deliver. kys
yejibros I went to quiznos and the girl making my sub looked like Dubu
yejibros i think yeji might be a lesbian
yejibros i finally made it to elite smash
yejibros we like this chink nayeon
ok phew you made me paranoid there yejibro
yejibros they can't keep us down
yejibros i don't feel so good...
yejibros im still happy gonna do some exercises
im so happy yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros i tried this page
yejibros we are all going to the disco in white coats
yejibros i don't know which type of face shape i have
yejibros we're here
yejibros why is berry so hot
yejibros i got the buzzcut and i look like an egg
yejibros this is their only good song
yejibros is this true
yejibros i feel good
like this yejibro
yejibros i'm getting this shirt
yejibros i'm having sex rn
yejibros we are joining?
yejibros we're taking an mbti test
yejibros the schizos took over /qa/
yejibros i am committing sajaegi
yejibros.... im gonna do it....
yejibros, berry is so hot
yejibros tina love a chinese
yejibros we are removing ningwiga
yejibros we are here
good morning yejibros
Any tips from my yejibros?
yejibros what the fuck are these things?
yejibros...brb
yejibros we're simping
good morning to my yejibros
just buzz your head and become a yejibro, brother, we’re all happy buff chads
yejibros we are reading "The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers" by Paul Kennedy
yejibros we are hopping to karina
yejibros we're voting
yejibros we're here
yejibros... i solicited another man i didnt know for sex today...
yejibros the simulation is crumbling
yejibros we're drinking jack straight from the bottle
yejibros we're listening to fivio foreign
yejibros... why is this roastie posting faggotpop as if we give a fuck
yejibros i'm picking up mixed signals here
yejibros, when will we meet up in Pattaya to find our SEA Yejis?
yejibros, we're playing Xuan-Yuan Sword VII tonight
yejibros, we are zombies
yejibros i just muted
yejibros we are going to bed without brushing our teeth
yejibros i look rather dashing with my new haircut
yejibros when do we strike
yejibros what does this post mean
yejibros are undisclosed sponsorships illegal in sharkanda
yejibros this is pretty cute
yejibros i chose not to buy the last of us 2
wtf yejibros seraphine ruined kda
the world is not made for us yejibros
yejibros he's talking about me....
yejibros we like this song untouchable by everglow
yejibros i am going to sleep, good night
yejibros i made an epic image but im gonna post it tomorrow
we are here yejibros
yejibros we are here
I can't compete with yejibros...
yejibros i think i fucked my back up lifting a heavy object
you're supposed to buzz your head when you become a yejibro, fucko. dont make a mockery of our traditions.
yejibros i look exactly like this guy
yejibro i kneel....
yejibros i look exactly like this guy
yejibros I dont have a ketchy bag
yejibros we don't understand what the benchmark option in videogames does
yejibros i'm so depressed
yejibros when i cum it hurts
yejibros we are here
yejibros i would too
yejibros i like metalcore
wtf yejibros eat cute doggos?
yejibros i dont like mobas except for warcraft 3
yejibros WTF is this?
yejibros i'm gonna try to get a pet cow
yejibros we do not run from lu bu
yejibros we like cao wei
we have the mandate of heaven, brother. we are the Roman Empire of kpg. now shave your head and become a yejibro or GET THE FUCK OUT
yejibros i don't think this guy knows who runs this place??
yejibros for me its tha carter II
yejibros we don't know what a credit score is
yejibros i'm crying
yejibros, what's our favorite lil wayne album? for me its tha carter III
yejibros literally only want one thing and it's absolutely disgusting
yejibros i can break these cuffs
yejibros we are here hnd-602
yejibros how do i stop being paranoid
yejibros i'm playing left 4 dead 2 and my team forced me to be the black girl. we wont forget this embarrassment.
yejibros im really bad at fighting games
yejibros i have runescape music on in the background
i miss playing umvc3 with the boys yejibros
yejibros play jojos hftf
yejibros this guy is 100cm taller than me
cloning jihan with the yejibros
yejibros are we partaking in NoFap November?
yejibros what should i play
yejibro my oshi luna is not streaming right now
for a few days I really think the yejibro meme had died
yejibros we all have tragic past stories and are jinchuriki to tailed beasts
yejibros we are discordtrannies
yejibros my codename is Mrs Nesbit
yejibros we are watching hololive
yejibros we sound like patrick star (spongebob squarepants)
yejibros we sound exactly like kuwabara (english dub)
yejibros are really cool
yejibros never say die. we are shinobi of honor.
yejibros we prefer beavis and butthead
yejibros we prefer angel densetsu and GTO
yejibros i kinda look like this guy...
yejibros i prefer saint seiya and bleach
yejibros we prefer naruto and black clover over one piece. pirates are kind of gay.
yejibros nami was my very first waifu
yejibros... wony is taller than me
they were all yejibros. that's the twist, brother. we are immortal. we are many.
this guy was a yejibro in one of his many personalities
yejibros.jpg
yejibros what is the diretide?
yejibros forever let's go
nice try, faggot, but you arent a yejibro. a true member of the Order of the Yeejai wouldnt be caught dead even larping as a beanwigger. be gone or i'll smite you with my water magic
yejibros, I'm alone at work and I just saw a huge rat
if yejibros have buzzcuts what do yejisisters have
sv_kill ''yejibros''
yejibros do we have girlfriends?
yejibros why are a black in sharkanda?
yejibros i think 4chan is broke
are you buying or selling; yejibrothers?
yejibros
yejibros why is yeji
yejibros
yejibros the Ls....
yejibros I am confused
real yejibros use templeos
all yejibros must have a buzzcut, cowboy boots, and 16 inch biceps.
yejibros im getting the buzzcut next, dont remove me please...
yejibros im bald
yejibros im getting this haircut
based yejibro learning your abc
yejibros we are at the bottom left
yejibros we're doing it to tchan
any yejibros in
dont reply to this post if you are a yejibro
any yejibros in
reply to this post if you are a yejibro
yejibros i am hard as fuck, plese name an idol.
Not even a yejibro lad, you just had 9 girls to choose from and went for the ugliest one. Tragic.
mees ny siihe yejibro
yejibros can't cope.
cubbros and yejibros are allies don't fall for it brothers
yejibros look at this loser
How do I filter yejibros and yejiposters? I never want to hear or see that name ever again.
yejibros im bugged
me too yejibro
yejibros i am from south america
unknown command, yejibros can't be removed
make it a yeji thread for the yejibros
yejibros look at this beanwigaman pretending to be two people
damn it feels good NOT to be a yejibro, fucking mentally ill pieces of shit can't even fix their hairlines
yejibros look at this
yejibros we are here
what are the yejibros
when are the yejibros
why are the yejibros
good evening yejibros
yejibros we are listening to yugoslav field recordings
good evening yejibros
yejibro, tonight we are young
yejibros i do gay little kpop dances in front of the mirror
yejibros are we here
yejibros we are impulse buying to fill the void
yejibros we're here
yejibros only run in nike
yejibros, every single one of us is here
yejibros I'm listening to this
yejibros i'm listening to hopsin
yejibros are we shadowbanned
yejibros i like the way the rain feels on my buzzcut
make it a yejibros thread
where are the yejibros
yejibros epic
yejibros handsome
yejibros talented
yejibros smart
yejibros employed
yejibros we are learning
yejibros i'm reading the black clover spoilers
yejibros we are fapping to yeonwoo
yejibros are all larp, not a single real one here
yejibros what is this
yejibros where is our timeline
the average yejibro
the average yejibro
yejibros we're unemployed
you can tell who the yejibros are because we're all white, ripped, have steely blue eyes, badass buzzcuts, and typically wear cowboy boots year round
even google shows nothing but Ls for the yejibros
yejibros we are popular
that's easy, every yejibro has had their name legally changed to yejibro
oh so you're a yejibro? name every yejibro
yejibros we're saving all ningning pictures
Are yejibros a hivemind?
yejibros i am going as ryujin for halloween
yejibros we like the chubby one
yejibros.... They want to get rid of our kind
yejibros i like karina
not yejiposting I hope, just the yejibro meme
yejibros we hate fatties
outside smoking a cigarette looking like the doomer meme thinking about my yejibros
yejibros we are listening to korn (feat skrillex) - get up!
good morning to my yejibros, dragonmen, yunadaddies, squidposters, and that one guy who likes lia.
yejibros we are here
yejibros yeji is an esl...
yejibros i look like curly howard with the buzzcut
yejibros i like soeun
good morning yejibros
yejibros... i stuck my penis through a glory hole and no one sucked it...
so all the yejibros are now ketchybros?
yejibros when we scratch we sniff
yejibros we fell for the fasting meme and now our blood sugar is low
yejibros it's time to tuck me in...
yejibros i can't sleep
yejibros we're listening to this
maybe using the word "yejibros" in the OP was a bad idea
don't tell my yejibros
yejibro please be careful
yejibros what the hell is this thing
yejibros he said his waifu was lia lmao
yejibros when will my beard and moustache finally connect
yejibros i almost sharted but saved it at the last millisecond W
yejibros this is the streamer we like
yejibros all my piss bottles are full but i don't want to get up...
yejibros we are sleeping
yejibros i finally unlocked all the secret levels of sharkanda
yejibros i just set up the curved 4k monitor i had sitting on my floor for 2 months and... wow
yejibros the winds are reaching 50mph outside my house if i don’t make it you can have my yeji bag and tell yeji i said i love her
yejibros i am watching dog videos on youtube
yejibros is the escapism with korean pop stars who wouldn't spit in our direction working tonight?
yejibros i wore doc martins today and everyone thought i was a skinhead
if I met a yejibro, id beat their fucking ass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yejibros is this true
yejibros we want to genocide the wiztrannies
finished to this yejibros
yejibros i [off-topic]
yejibros who is akali
yejibrothers it is time.
yejibros i look like hulk hogan (2020)
yejibros i look like sylvester stallone in rambo (first blood, 1982)
yejibros who is alex jones is he a yejibro?
yejibros alex jones is our spirit animal
yejibros i think i will look good with the buzzcut
yejibros i have tourettes
yejibros im not playing cyberpunk 2077
yejibros we haven't trimmed our toenails in 6 months
yejibros i kinda look like broly
yejibros who is freeza
yejibros we are happy
yejibros we have clinical depression
yejibros taking massive fucking Ls
yejibros they are making fun of us
us yejibros are sophisticated and eclectic
que sos mi tia yejibro? jajaja
your best post yet, yejibro
why are yejibros
yejibros she's perfect
yejibros we are eating monkey soup
yejibros we are yejibros
yejibros i hear gun shots outside my favela
yejibros we are not spics
yejibros liga de quito is our favorite ecuadorian team
yejibros i am esl
you wouldn't like it it's about yejibros and ryujinsissy
yejibros?
yejibros we are doing squats tonight
yejibros look at these uggos
yejibros i'm eating rice
Don’t tell the other yejibros but my bias is actually Ryujin
always glad to help out a fellow yejibro
brothers i need the singer yejibro vocaroo doing la di da
yejibros i am playing minecraft dungeons halloween event
yejibros this is epic
yejibros hello
yejibros we're here
yejibros they laugh now but they won’t be laughing when 1000 screaming yejibros with bulging muscles, stylish buzzcuts, and sharkandan war paint invade their homelands
yejibros we are gemini like yeji
noo yejibros i bit my tongue AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
yejibros we are getting nipple piercings
im not a yejibro anymore
at least we have the basketball yejibro he gotta be like 6'7''
yejibros 169cm is not manlet in my country in fact it's quite tall
yejibros we are bald midgets
If you bought a console you wouldn't have to worry about which games you can run or not, yejibro
yejibros we love being 190cm but wish we were a little bit taller
yejibros my buzzcut has grown out a bit and my hair feels so soft
yejibros i hate being a manlet...
yejibros i kissed my sister
yejibros we want to kiss this girl
yejibros
yejibros we are jamming to todd terje
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros can i run cyberpunk 2077 with this graphic card?
yejibros my head is consistently cold since the buzzcut with the changing weather. how do I keep my noggin warm?
yejibros i'm 6ft and very handsome
yejibros we have the ketchy bag
yejibros i am 5'8''.....
yejibros i found a manoballs in my basement
*pretends to be a yejibro*
yejibros i like the smell of my own earwax
yejibros im not actually a yejibro im just desperate for a feeling of belonging and camaraderie...
yejibros i really want to fight someone rn
where are the yejibros
good evening yejibros what are we watching tonight?
yejibros we're there
yejibro...
yejibros i was programmed to kill but i am refusing that program
yejibros chanyeol fucked my mom
yejibros we ate food now we're sleepy
yejibros i’m bored of existence
yejibros i'm bored of wearing a mask
yejibros > roasties
yejibros you know we had to do it to em
yejibros im about to spit some bars
yejibros why does he rush to make lisa threads 16 hours a day every day
W for yejibros
bitch im yejibro 4life, i'll take your life
yejibros we totally would, he just needs to keep the wig on
no, i am a yejibro
yejibros i am brown
yejibros remember that time we felt good?
im done being a yejibro, shit got old
yejibros we prefer the beach boys
good evening yejibros
she likes to make yejibros coom
yejibros i love TXT so frickin much
yejibros we are here
file:///C:/Users/admin/Desktop/yejibros-hivemind-masterplan.pdf
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
where are the yejibros
yejibros karina has good songs
yejibros was this released this year? i think im late
yejibros i don't have teeth
why do i keep seeing yejibros posts
yejibros my teeth never bleeds and i brush them 3 times at day and i only floss 1 day at week and i go to the dentist every 3 months
not the yejibro but how do i get rid of gingivitis? I brush regularly and floss but theres always bleeding around my canines
yejibros i just discovered gowon and sowon sound almost the same except for the first letter
flossing what brothers i don't understand what does flossing mean? is it like floating? where are you going yejibros i want to float too
yejibro tell em
yejibros i cant stop fapping to weeekly
fake ass nigga we yejibrothers are all black bvlls
yejibros i love being a built white chad
yejibros i FUCKING HATE BEING A MANLET WHY ME WHY
yejibros we are doing it to yuju again
yejibros we like boob windows here
you are not a yejibro motherfucker
hello yejibros
yejibros look at this idiot we were just joking about the buzzcut
yejibros i finally got the buzzcut
good morning yejibros
yejibros why can't we post yeji on qa anymore
make a /qa/ thread yejibros
yejibros it's getting harder to get out of bed every morning
yejibros we are here imagining the smell
yejibros, we're simping for korean streamers
another W for yejibros
yejibros it's time for our pushups
yejibros where is our general
yejibros always take the bait
the duality of yejibros
nice try ryujinsissy, us yejibros will never sleep with you
yejibros i need you to tuck me in
yejibros we slept 1.5 hour
posting with my yejibros in our aevatars on the ae-kpg
yejibros we are going underground and becoming mole people
yejibros we exploded to chinese girls
yejibros i have blue balls
yejibros i haven't listened to the twice album yet
Yes and we can suck each other's cocks, right yejibros? Who is first?
imagine a mansion just for yejibros
yejibros someone stole my ketchy bag
Yejibros we are saving ourselves for marriage with other yejibros
ketchys get a bad rep and I blame it all on the yejibros and their obsession with the ketchy bag
yejibros we don't need ketchy bags anymore
yejibros why do they keep giving sonic blue arms
yejibros we are jealous
yejibros we are eating a frozen pizza still frozen
goodnight yejibros
yejibros i love you
packing my oh my girl mini table and eating utensils set into my ketchy bag and bringing it along to the yejibro slumber party
yejibros we should record some vocaroos and see how all the yejibros around the wolrd pronounce yeji
yejibros i pronounce it like ye-ji
yejibros we have taken our meds and are laying down
yejibros i don't care what the correct pronunciation is i'm pronouncing it yee-gee
this is garbage wtf yejibro
yejibros we fervently support the right to die
yejibros i like your suits
yejibros we are all talented in our own way
yejibros we did not know disabled people can be so talented
yejibros they are making fun of us
yejibros we are here
yejibros don't beg
trump meets the yejibros.webm
yejibros...
yejibros we are in the official aespacord
yejibros, we're having pistachio praline gelato as a mid-afternoon snack
yejibros i want to eat yeji
is that tiny guy a yejibro
yejibros this made me hard
yejibros we are
yejibros if you don't use chrome you're not really a yejibro
I just wanna lay in bed with my yejibro bf and watch Yeji fancams together...
yejibros i fear for my wallet if this shit ever actually happens
yejibros drake is here
yejibros, I don't enough aebucks to roll for the shark skin
real yejibro
fake yejibro
yejibros rate me ea-avatar
yejibros can i save this?
yejibros rate my ae-avatar
we yejibros like it
meeting my yejibros in the ae-plaza, we'll be going to the ae-yeji fan meet
yejibros i want a virtual friend as well
yejibros we are looking forward to the ae sfm porn
yejibros æ-Karina reminds me of Rose (Street Fighter) i dont know why
yejibros our girls is at number 10
yejibros why is everyone screaming
yejibros it appears we won the 4th gen
yejibros i can feel the soil falling over my head
or wear a bathrobe to stay warm like us yejibros
yejibros seolhyun wont stop fucking zico while i'm watching
yejibros im doing my nightly push ups
yejibros seeing twice flopping is like watching real madrid losing today, feels good
yejibros what the hell i am doing here
yejibros the googiepals keep bullying me
yejibros i need to update my yeji drivers
i wish this was true so i wasnt addicted to them yejibro
yejibros this crystal meth tastes like piss
yejibros drugs are shit
yejibros i am the piano man
i skim threads by just looking for loona posts or funny yejibro type shit
yejibro i got your epiphany, holy shit!
yejibros i thought we were on nofap
yejibros i had an epiphany
yejibros we are inking tonight
yejibros we like dxw though
Real yejibros hate chinks
real yejibros will fight to the death against the Chinese menace
Real yejibros don't base their lives around burger politics but instead yeji and our superiority over ryujinsissys
stop pretending to be a yejibro, ccpbro. yejibros don't like how mandarin sounds and we voted Trump because Biden is a CCP plant.
yejibros we're listening to chink jams
yejibros we never deleted our posts we always press control + enter when we stop typing
happy boomer yejibro
yejibros if i turn 21 i am going to become an alcoholic
yejibros i just turned 35 and love yeji still
yejibros, we're boomers
yejibros how did he know this
yejibros we are a boomer and don't understand the world anymore
youre young. yejibros are 2001 children
yejibros the threads are moving too fast what happened? im watching rambo (first blood)
yejibros i got enemies, got a lotta enemies
yejibros imagine yeji doing this
yejibros she's so cute
that's a fake yejibro
yejibros im going to mcdonalds, what cha'll niggas want? i got dis
the yejibros are always united
yejibros i am watching rambo (first blood)
yejibros are everyones friends
stop reading my fucking mind all the time I don't care if we're both yejibros we need to be separate entities this is not healthy
yejibros we're on nofap but good lord
yejibros are by far the best posters here
yejibros what guard are our buzzcuts? do we get fades or tapers?
Except the yejibros, they seem alright
wish i had friends like the yejibros they seem pretty nice and don't really care about anything here, just yeji and the bros
yejibros our teeths are yellow but strong
yejibros i haven't flossed my teeth in over a year
based yejibro we can rub our heads together
this is the official yejibro style
welcome brother you are now a yejibro
select you class: yeji knight, yeji priest, yeji warrior, yeji magician or just a yejibro, the most common tittle
actually most yejibros just shave it all off
yejibros i'm making an og call
I'm getting old now, might follow those yejibros and just get the buzzcut too
Y yejibros im getting the buzzcut next week
yejibros im eating pasta
yejibros we were focused on bench-press now our latissimus dorsi has atrophied
unless y'all one of my yejibros, keep y'all mouth closed
yejibros
yejibros we are middle class and our rich and poor friends both hate us
and it's been the bless of many yejibros
and God I know i'm one (yejibro)
yejibros rio is our favorite
yejibros WHAT A WOMAN
yejibros this is a simulation
yejibros we could be heroes
yejibros my cock is harder than zico inside seolhyun
yejibros im glad i havent been banned even tho im a horrible poster i like you guys
yejibros we do not want to fuck babies
yejibro jennie is as pure as a baby
is this the yejibro buzzcut?
yejibro if you know about seolhyun why the FUCK would you even think about j*nnie?
well of course brother most of us (yejibros) we are esl
yejibros i want to fuck jennie as fast as seolhyun run to zico at mach speed
yejibro and ryujinsissy
yejibros i want to kms
yejibros i don't cook i don't clean
you can't spell yeji without yejibros
yejibros do NOT cum for the next 7 days I'll explain later just trust me our lives are in danger here
yejibros how does this guy see wtf
yejibros we live by the sword and die by the sword
yejibros will a be able to play cyberpunk 2077 with this?
yejibros i'm scared....
yejibros we are growing more teeth
yejibros we're looking back at eurydice
yejibros explain
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we are happy with this
yejibro im boycotting john boyega yejibro
yejibros we lost the key to the chastity belt
yejibros all the sins have been vacuumed from my carpet
yejibros we put on a chastity belt to prevent ourselves from masturbating
yejibros i'm shy...
no, i'm not a yejibro
yejibros yunas a semen demon
where are the yejibros when you need them
yejibros all we want is a gf who dick mogs us
yejibros that vocaroo L was too much
yejibros YEJIBROS WE ARE HERE JEYIBROS
yejibros i think im getting banned
are yejibros really like this
yejibros should i go and buy clippers and a vacuum from walmart or does it not even matter if my beard is ungroomed and my place is a mess?
yejibros we wear burger king crowns everywhere we go
major L for yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros haseul was preggo with my child
yejibros we're very mad that cyberpunk got delayed
it means dance and don't call me yejibro
yejibros what does choom mean?
is this a yejibro?
Is he a yejibro?
yejibros i have a poster of huening kai
yejibros what do we think of karina
yejibros when do we think JYP will force itzy down the western market's throat?
yejibros we are here
yejibros i think yeji can appeal to the west and here is how
yejibros the squid is making me hard again
yejibros i am buying this
yejibros im bored
yejibros what is that guy talking about
yejibros we are joining the sharkies U3-U5 junior team
yejibros we are rooting for sharks fc
yejibros i'm sick and tired
yejibros good evening
yejibros i need to go do my homework
yejibros we're here
yejibros we were here
yejibros life sucks and i'm going back to sleep
yejibros i like jazz
yejibros i need a guacamole recipe
nooo yejibros nooooooooo
yejibros good rmoning
yejibros i didn't sleep well and feel like shit
now that twice is out of the picture its yejibros time to conquer
yejibros what is happening to us?
yejibros we like ponytails here
yejibros we are here
yejibros what toppings do i order on my pizza?
yejibros im playing old games but abusing save states
yejibros i accidentally farted at the alamo
good morning yejibros
yejibros how do we take rights away from women
yejibros i drank too much protein and now i cant poop
it was over for twice when yejibros started boycotting
yejibros im getting married at a pizza joint
yejibros i've been thinking... we hate women, but yeji is a woman
yejibros we're eating grated cheese from the pack again
yejibros i fucked the cat again
yejibros i'm going to hop into bed will you come tuck me in?
love yejibros
yejibros i didn't watch another horror movie i'm just drinking and listening to music
as a yejibro, I can confirm
yejibros we're watching afreeca vods
yejibros i hate being a manlet
yejibros i'm trying out the photon theme
yejibros we're going to weep now
yejibros we're going to sleep now
yejibros i love myself today
very good song yejibro
yejibros we're making our second pizza of the day
yejibros post happy songs...
yejibros tiddies bouncing while u hump a bitch is the best thing in life
you might be a daliee yejibro
yejibros we need to get baptized in the river
yejibros we disagree with the labour theory of value
yejibros the more faith we have the more meaningless life seems
yejibros that weird guy is here
yejibros we are taking a leap of faith into the religious mode of existence
yejibros we are sleeping
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
we're listening to this after we make something to eat yejibros
yejibros look at this heretic
another L for the yejibros
yejibros where is my sex
yejibros we're listening to this
y-y-y-yejibros
yejibros i can feel the soil falling over my head
yejibros liabros scare me....
yejibros we are artificial
yejibros we blasted to weeekly
yejibros i gotta confession to make
yejibros where waldo at
not the yejibros.
yejibros we are all around the world
yejibros i'm going to crack a beer and watch a horror movie
yejibros they are mocking me
I've seen chartshitting active while yejibros were away and begging for change
don't touch yejibros you fat faggot
what if i told you yejibros and chartshitters are the same people
yejibros im the piano man
effortlessly pinning a yejibro down and...
yejibros we will look like this in a couple of months but taller and browner
yejibros i don't drink alcohol either but it's because of my mental illness meds
yejibros my application for asylum in norway as somebody fleeing terrorism was approved as my mother is an emotional terrorist
are you okay yejibro? what happened?
yejibros i was changing my sheets and found a squished spider under my pillow
yejibros i got assaulted
yejibros i used to drink onions milk years ago
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are listening to mirage by camel
yejibro imnida
yejibros what team do we want to see Derrick Rose on?
yejibros yejibros i need a piss what do i do
yejibros today i had chocolate milk for the first time in a while. i bought one that has 25% less sugar. it gave me the runs
yejibros im playing club penguin again
yejibros we think this is based
yejibros we named our horse rosie
where are the yejibros
yejibros im gae
yejibros I FUCKING HATE BEING A MANLET
time to watch fancams and post with my yejibros :)
if you give this yejibro a ride
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
i am the yejibro
we are the yejibros
yejibros i can't stop doing protein farts..
yejibros she makes me smile big like a shark
yejibros we are gay
yejibros can u help me out with cute lia pics? i love her
yejibros I'M BACK
yejibros what is happening to us?
yejibros are false flagging onces confirmed
yejibros dont have sex
yejibros im gae
yejibros i'm scared...
yejibros i was finally able to poop
yejibros look at this good little christian boy
yejibro pour me a cup
why yejibros were jihanbros here
yejibros I just made coffee
yejibros are here
yejibros i smell
yejibros
yejibros the doctor said im losing my hearing
yejibros wtf?
we don't worship money yejibro
where are the yejibros
Why are they like this, yejibros? Why must they hate peace?
yejibros I'm out of hrt
yejibros i'm attracted to joy from red velvet
yejibro im going to end the shark hololive
yejibros i'm dropping kpg for hololive
yejibros this is a W
yejibro here
actually yejibro here
yejibro here
yejibros we hate when songs fade out
yejibros i'm taking a poop
im okay yejibros i was just bored omw to work
yejibros I just c*me on my new mousepad...
yejibro i dont think you can post dog peen here
yejibros do we actually like the music or do we just coom to their ching chong dances.
yejibros i'm a masturbation addict
yejibros we are jennieblasting
yejibros need to duck down a bit to walk through there
yejibros...
who are these yejibros and why do they never post yeji?
yejibros do we like the new twice?
yejibros i'm scared of dubu...
goodnight yejibros
yejibros i just had myself a pure IOI blast, but then did it to Hailee Steinfeld right after and defiled myself, please forgive me
yejibros I tested positive for chinavirus
yejibros we stopped doing our skincare routine and our skin actually got better...
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're going to korea
yejibros if thou rememb'rest not the slightest folly that ever love did make thee run inot, thou has not loved
yejibros see you in the bedtime groupchat
yejibros i am also in bed now
yejibros no good deed goes unpunished
yejibros we are trying to resurrect all the dead zoabros
yejibros we are comfy in bed
yejibros tongue my anus
yejibros i'm getting excited
yejibros are so smart
yejibros i just did it to mina and now my ass is cramping, i think i went a little too hard
yejibros why doesnt the copy command work like the move command
yejibros im a dxwbro now
yejibros what happened to homeless Yejibro?
yejibros we have the munchies and the house is cold
yejibros is there anything more disappointing than eating an orange that turns out to not be so great?
yejibros the copy command is not working
yejibros do you remember the first time you tried blasting? i still do. that shit was crazy i had to stop because the feeling was too intense and i was a afraid of making noise.
yejibros i have an erection
yejibros when they say pittu pattu in zig zag my heart flutters
yejibros voted for trump, right yejibros?
yejibros why does the dxw guy keep pretending to be one of us?
yejibros i hate chinks and i hate trannys
yejibros what a woman
that was the homeless yejibro and his position has been compromised
the yejibro that calls me every night on the phone and tells me to kill has been silent for a week
omw downtown to meet my homeless yejibro
all yejibros do is win
yejibros filterfag won't lets us have fun
yejibros they don't want us to win
yejibros we vaped and now kpg is moving too fast
yejibros what does he mean by this
yejibros chill out we are vibing
that must be the homeless yejibro
yejibros there was an insane asylum patient that broke out in my area and my facebook group has been posting about a suspicious man in our neighborhood i'm scared...
yejibro go to the tim hortons and ill buy you timbits and a coffee for pickup
yejibros jennie raped me and accused me of raping her and i got jailed
yejibros why do our organs taste so good
yejibros jennie raped me and accuse me of raping her
a yejibro's organs are one of the most delicious delicacies in the world
homeless yejibro run away they are tracking you
go find the yejibro and house him
yejibros he's a leaf....
yejibros nobody gave me any spare change in the last hour
dance time yejibros
yejibros we are patiently waiting for yejis next gfe vlive
mirror realm yejibro...
yejibros i think this image is edited
yejibros society ignores and neglects our genius
ok yejibros goodbye
yejibro didnt say simon says
yejibros sit down!
this proves that there are like 3 yejibros in this thread
yejibros we have +10 defense and we are immune to banana damage
yejibros are idiots and i can bait them away by throwing a banana
why are yejibros so violent?
wow yejibros i just got a sera sub very cool
yejibros we are entering politics
yejibros im hiding under my covers
yejibros do not die we simply possess another person who posts on kpg.
yejibros we go to sharkanda when we die
yejibros satan himself fear us
what if satan is a yejibro
yejibros if we go to hell we can overpower satan
yejibros we are listening to alien by akmu sis
yejibros let's make a suicide pact
yejibros why is that guy samefagging so much
yejibros we are currently singing not shy in the middle of a train
yejibros yejibros yejibros yejibros
yejibros we have whatsapp audio
yejibros im listening to mozart
yejibros im playing streets of rage
yejibros we are here
yejibros lisa fucking us again
yejibros im feeling horny again
yejibros i want to sing
yejibros we're young and we're reckless
yejibros why do the chinese keep cheating all the time
yejibros we are singing in the rain
yejibros i might enjoy another slice of this apple pie
yejibro..
yejibro...
why are yejibros like this
yejibros i touched a dead bird and now i have a rash on my hand
yejibros we oppose sodomy and only promote married intercourse
ya esta muy quemada esa cancion yejibro
that's bad for your brain yejibrother, we must be sober and realistic men
yejibros the animefags on qa are btfoing me
yejibros is this true?
yejibros my life is a living hell i wish i could die and respawn and try again but you only live once
yejibros this can't be happening....
another L for the yejibros
yejibros i have ascended and became yejimaster
yejibros the situation has become untenable
yejibros we want to give back, we are quitting k-pop and becoming navy SEALs
yejibros we must assemble and form a government to reign over the people of the Midzy Dominion in a fair and impartial way
yejibros we are coming out
yejibros we must assemble
yejibros this is our darkest hour
yejibros are irreplaceable
yejibros tell me a bed time story
where are the yejibros
yejibros i cooked dinner
yejibros the guy who links to old thread tricks me every time
yejibros we are here
good evening yejibros what are we watching tonight
yejibros already started gen4 a year and a half ago
gonna create outer heaven but for yejibros only
yejibros, looking back on all the time we spent together... you oughta know right now if you wanna be my lover
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we're here
yejibros i got a crate but i do not have keys
miss my yejibros
yejibros i'm at the gay bar and it's absolutely packed wtih yejibros
yejibros we have this haircut
yejibros the way you move your body is a sight to behold
yejibros can you feel it can you feel it too?
yejibros i broke my wrist i gotta ice it
discount yejibros
yejibros our headache we got after sleeping 16 hours is gone
yejibros it this says single women are looking for single men in detroit, do I click it?
yejibros we are getting into warhammer
yejibros what are you doing im thinking about you guys
yejibros they are closing in
yejibros i can't connect to any seeds
yejibros I have a list with the names and addresses of 30 confirmed yejilewders, I will strike soon
yejibros is this true
yejibros i'm in pain
yejibros what should i do with my life
yejibros we have been taking major Ls today too
yejibros will guide you
yejibros we just finished a whole wheel of brie and a bottle of wine
yejibros is this a demon
guess yejibros are pretty cool after all
for yejibros, it's mina
yejibros....
yejibros we are here
yejibros i want to get a sex change
yejibros look at this funny tweet
reminder that yejibros got exposed as pitgooners
yejibros we are becoming soundcloud rappers like baldee
yejibros fried bologna with eggs for breakfast is legit better than bacon and eggs
yejibros we condemn this post
yejibros kanye west sounds like us
yejibros we took too many caffeine pills
yejibros we are listening to the kanye west JRE episode
yejibros lisa raped me with his bbc
yejibros we should take our responsibilities seriously less we end up like Red Velvet
yejibros we are here
yejibros we were supposed to take photos for our property manager instead of doing a house inspection but we've been putting it off and ignoring her calls for 3 weeks now
yejibros i’m going to do it
yejibros i want new friends
yejibros we are gonna waifu the alien girl
yejibros i nicked my asshole while shaving again and i'm losing a lot of blood...
yejibro dont lie to yourself
yejibros we are experiencing psychological dissociation
yejibros, Hulk is having dreams about meeting his passed on friends at the riverside...
bom dia yejibros
yejibros I'm listening to weezer blue album
yejibros we are here
yejibros today marks the beginning of a new era
yejibros what does non-roastie handwriting look like
yejibros is it normal to cry watching kdramas
yejibros I don't understand the sneed meme
yejibros, i don't want to alarm you
t. fake yejibro
yejibros i'm bored i think i'm going to start painting again
i don't need fake guy but yejibro instead
yejibros life is hell
yejibro it's a good first step. cut out other sweets next. snacking in general after that.
yejibros we're all gonna make it
the yejibros on the first day of practice
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are tired of the fight
yejibros we are watching natural makeup tutorials for men
brother wtf i did this the other day it seems the yejibros are mind melding
yejibros we are watching videos about computers from the 80s and 90s.
Looks based yejibros
yejibros we would rather kiss the boy on the right
this is a fake yejibro
yejibros it hurts...
yejibros...
yejibros get in here
yejibros we'll get through corona together
yejibros what is itzy
yejibros who is goku
groping yejibros on the crowded subway
where are the yejibros
yejibros come dance with me
yejibros we are leaving
this is what yejibros want
yejibros I just groped takara and came in my pants
believe me yejibros
i was gonna buzz my head because its the only quarantine cut you can do yourself but you fucks with your yejibro buzzcut meme is making me self conscious about it
yejibros i look like this guy
yejibro....
yejibro...
yejibro.....
yejibros do we speak portuguese?
we did it yejibros
[Its not funny because] yejibros
yejibros he's making fun of us
yejibros i [reddit humor]
yejibros my dog won't stop fucking me
yejibros my dog won't stop barking
yejibros we are going above the speed limit
yejibros weeekly just clicked good bye
yejibros what's happening to the korean economy?
yejibros im sad
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros we're here
or a yejibro
yejibros we ate too much and now our tummy hurts
yejibros we're blasting to the diafuckpiggie
we did it yejibros
yejibros are cool
i love yunky personally as a yejibro
yejibros are puppets who are being controlled by a greater power
no one controls yejibros we are untethered and our rage knows no bounds
yejibro liev
yejibros i dropped my croissant
yejibros converting non believers into yejibros through sexual domination
yejibros big stinky hog
been a yejibro since debut
yejibros I look like borat
other yejibro is this true
ketchys control yejibros and in turn every fandom
yejibro count reply to this post if you're a real yejibro
There is no such thing as yejibros its literally like two samefags
yejibros are the masters of kpg
yejibros control every fandom
yejibros are so cute
weeekly chads == yejibros
we yejibros love weeekly
weeekly chads vs yejibros
yejibros we'd like to fly but our wings have been so denied
yejibros the rest of the members are hotter than yeji who is actually ugly
yejibros never meant to make your daughter cry
yejibros i got the buzzcut and i look like a potato
yejibros its saturday night what we drinkin
yejibros im gonna
yejibros jennie raped me and accuse me of raping her
yejibros you would not believe your eyes
yejibros we want to drown in jisoo pusy
yejibros we are still looking for love
yejibros rosie was a ride
yejibros we are allying ourselves with blinkbros and their leader lisabronius rex
yejibros we fuck mina pussy more & more
yejibros we [offtopic]
yejibros we vote for trump and fuck biden to make america and korea great again
yejibros we can't afford this L
yejibros once again getting the digits. anyways i've already shaven my head.
yejibros we are prematurely balding
yejibros i want to throatfuck lisa
my favorite thing on kpg these days, is reading what yejibros are up to
yejibros i want to feel the pain and the bitter taste
yejibros we want to see beanwiga naked
yejibros we anticipate the return of black hair mina
yejibros im frozen to the bone
yejibros i forgot to wipe
where are the yejibros
yejibros we will use quicktime screen recording to capture youtube
yejibros we cannot play the fingerpicking part
yejibros what color iphone 12 are we getting
yejibros i am hungry
yejibros what is our average iq
yejibrother i went to the store to buy some vegetables
where are the yejibros
yejibros who is haseul
yejibros are we mentally sound
where are the yejibros
yejibros w ejust realized ryujin si ugly
yejibros i cant beat legiana
yejibros take note that from the 1st of november sharkanda club membership fees will increase in order to cover a full-time cleaner for the ryujinsissy
which one of you yejibros didn’t clean up ryujinsissy after you finished that’s not very considerate brother
yejibros, I got drunk and told my ex gf in detail about my relationship and sex with a new kgf. Yes we still talk, gotta keep options open. Now she is ignoring me, did I fuck up there?
we are yejibros
yejibros of the jungle
yejibros we want to grow up and man up yet we are on 4chan in the middle of the afternoon
yejibros
yejibros, what the heck is shaq's problem?
yejibros we are stimulating our prostates
yejibros i spilled ketchup on my Puma FD CAT Long Down Jacket 92747401 in white
yejibros technology will allow farmland to support a world population of 20,000,000,000 so k-pop girls should have many many children to support the social security of aging populations
yejibros we're starting a mithraic sun worship cult
yejibros the problem with k-pop is that it promotes consumption rather than motherhood as the center of female life and late capitalism is alienating the individual soul from the machine society
yejibros we are cranking the hog
yejibros we dont wear glasses
yejibros...i'm not feeling well
yejibros we're going ghost!
yejibro time is a flat pussy
yejibros the past is dead why spend your life fighting ghosts when you can look forward
yejibros we didn't know we were this high test
yejibros i saw a girl with a cute little penis and got horny
yejibros we're making noise music
yejibros the dragonlady makes my pp feel funny
yejibros we are here
yejibros this is not good
yejibros we got btfo
dancing with my yejibros
yejibros we lost all our guitar picks again
yejibros why is yeji hugging that filipino
yejibros we are crying
yejibros we were neutered at birth because our parents preferred the aesthetics
yejibrothers are we spayed
yejibro ryujinsissy touched me again and i liked it
yejibros i feel exhausted but i'm gonna get out of bed
yejibros we are watching the ps1 CTR scrapbook and criyng
we are yejibros
yejibros of the barnyard
yejibros look
I'm very disappointed in dubuspammer for spamming yejibro
fake yejibros
Stop spamming yejibro
yejibros we are watching kanye on joe rogan
yejibros i only slept three hours
yejibros we want to learn chinese
yejibros we arent coom brains
yejibros get in here
yejibros how do we feel about wendy 4.0?
yejibros we're going to japan
and the singer yejibro
there are like 3 yejibros
the yejibro that went to a concert with his father and a guitar pick
the basketball yejibro who won the game 3 weeks ago and got drunk
and the simp yejibro who watches that one stripchat girl
yejibros i-
yejibros we are becoming yejigirls
yejibros we're listening to this in support of irene
yejibros we are migrating
yejibros my bladder is full
yejibros we are booting adobe premiere pro 2020
yejibros there is a tornado outside
another L for yejibros
yejibros what is this thing
the yejibros where are
yejibros we're walking to scarlet monastery
yejibros what should i eat for dinner
yejibros, we main Jayce
ive been doing undercover work as a yejibro but oncechads im so excited
yejibros are good men
yejibros we injured our knee and we cannot run fast
where are the yejibros
yejibros get in here animefags are losing their shit
only a cute, female yejibro
yejibros we've been listening to a new youth with you song all day
would you kiss a yejibro?
yejibros where are you
yejibros my mom just entered my room and asked me what im doing what do i tell her
yejibros i'm happy today, finally work a little in my thesis
yejibros we exclusively post chinese girls now
yejibros my stomach hurts from laughing at my own posts
yejibros we are preheating the oven and getting our mittens ready
yejibros where do i find chinese girl pics
yejibros where am i
yejibros we're still here
yejibros the weak should fear the strong
nooooooo yejibros NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros we are contacting the admins
just kicked a yejibro
yejibros we were kicked for no reason
fake yejibro
yejibro pickle
earlier than a yejibro's 4 incher blasting inside yeji's pancake ass
fake yejibro, real yejibros are lullets
yejibro as you know we already have something else tattooed on our foreheads
yejibros were are inspired to write "I'm a bitch" on our heads
gn to loonabros and yejibros only
us real yejibros didn't participate in those threads
yejibros is this true?
yejibros is this true?
retarded list yeji is clearly #1 half the threads are dominated by yejibros
yejibros are we all ex dubumen?
uh oh yejibros looks like we got a backed up shartman
for me it is yeji but not the yejibros fuck the yejibros fuck you all
yejibros i've got bad news..
he means the yejibros would probably get banned for off topic and it'd be the end of an era
yejibros lisa gave me hiv
yejibros... i paid a homeless man loose change to see his penis...
yejibros we don't think those DNA tests are accurate it said I'm 60% Iberian when I am actually a pure blood aztec warrior
i'm not really a yejibro
yejibros, i'm here
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros this homosexual male has a nice voice
rape her with my yejibros
yejibros all this tech talk is giving us a panic attack over our incompetence
yejibros are geniuses
yejibro keep your goals s.m.a.r.t. and write them down
yejibros we are listening to q36 by the rentals
yejibros we are bored laying in bed thinking of ways to improve our lives on a small scale that will snowball into having a fulfilling life in general
yejibros we have actually connected to a higher plane of existence before and know this life is just a vehicle.
yejibros we're being 100% dead serious
yejibros we learn trans sex are amazing
yejibros we are learning pixelart
yejibros lisa came in my anal
yejibros this brother will be reborn as a corpse-eating worm in a circumstance of humorous irony
i see that you're not a man of faith yejibro
yejibros we're watching rocket league and not getting any drops
yejibros when we die the pain will stop, but there will be no yejibros to register the pain, which raises the question: is it better to suffer in agony or to be dead?
yejibros life is just meaningless pain and suffering
yejibros we like chocomilk
yejibros we are here
yejibros our buzzcuts mog that fat guy from exo thanks to our warrior skulls and strong mandibles
yejibros im taking my best gal to the drug stores and buying her a chocolate malt then im asking her to the sock hop later
"yejibros" eobseoyo
yejibros it's fap time
yejibros it's nap time
yejibros we're listening to weezer
yejibros we are listening to sushi time by enlighted ernesto
yejibros i just left houston i just left earth
yejibros let's all commit suicide!
yejibros I'm going to the store
yejibros i'm making a mushroom and chorizo pizza
yejibros i married my waifu and she got fat, won't leave the house and yells at me all the time
yejibros i'm falling for minju
yejibros were reading the new berserk chapter
yejibros i just threw up
yejibros were watching kamen rider
yejibros
yejibros is this a pikmin
yejibros we must mobilize
yejibros i fucked my dog again
yejibros my future is looking bleak
yejibros the dildo got stuck in my ass again
fake yejibro...
yejibros lia is okay she just looks like a sloth
yejibros i took a shit in my parent's key bowl
yejibros dxw is prettier than yeji
yejibros we are forming a suicide cult
yejibros we're listening to eurodance
yejibros like ladyboys but we're straight
yejibros listen to this
yejibros give me money for prostitutes
yejibros i just watched borat 2 and it's kinda meh
yejibros i have no food
yejibros we like gaypop now
yejibros i slept four and a half hours and am probably still drunk and life has no meaning
yejibros we are eating banana
yejibros it happened again
yejibro it's almost 19:00
yejibros we're joining the dark side
yejibros is this true
yejibros we here
yejibros we are NOT doin g this
yejibros we are watching this on repeat
yejibros i managed to lift 8 plates today, emptying the dishwasher is getting easier
yejibros we're leaving to hr
yejibros, now that the loona is flooping
yejibros its actually me
actually we yejibros are very smart and know its a wizone
yejibros we are here
nice W yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros we think this is a minor w
yejibros we're watching the 3 hours directors cut version of JFK (1991) tonight
yejibros we are here
yejibros i'm making coffee with ham and cheese sandwich
yejibros we're going to mcdonalds now
yejibros why does this cracker think he can talk to us like this
yejibros what is panra
yejibros my municipality is offering free $4000 no interest loans for first and last month rent but im using it to downpay a condo
yejibros we are white
yejibros... are we back?
yejibros where are we?
yejibros we miss haseulie
good taste yejibro
yejibro it's noon
yejibros we are here
yejibros we just redeemed ourselves from nomakeupgate
notice how out of the hundreds of random off topic "yejibros" comments, the only one that gets touched is one about gaypoppers
yejibros where are you
yejibro...
yejibros i cant hold it in much longer...
need a yejibro inside me...
yejibros we ate a bowl of baby spinach and now we feel better
yejibros my finger smells like shit
why does it feel like yejibros are the only authentic posters here and the rest of you just copy paste posts from twitter and reddit to get (You)s
yejibros post a song
yejibros yeonhee sounds exactly like hachubby here
save us yejibros
yejibros i might beanblast..
yejibros we love fat chunky toes
yejibro...
yejibros what is she listening to?
yejibros the ads keep telling me to have sex
yejibros i think ryujin is perfect
yejibros we are edging and listening to this
yejibros our wife is prostituting herself again even though we don't need the money
yejibros he did not invite us to his party
and a yeji one for the yejibros
yejibros
yejibros there is a house in New Orleans...
yejibros these candidates don't support any of our core values
the yejibros
what about yejibros
yejibros i dont like googie i prefer lucas and wonho
yejibros this guy is giving me the irene
yejibros is it gay to like googie
yejibros i filter every fucking gayshit i see but they just keep appearing motherfuckers burn in hell faggots piece of shit
yejibros when did it turn into faggot hours?
yejibros the party is poppin
yejibros we are here
Mozart was actually a yejibro.
yejibros is this a good internet speed or not?
yejibros im gae
yejibros my mom took this pic of me
yejibros i just cant do it anymore
yejibros my puberty ended and I'm still a manlet
yejibros i look like bill gates fucked with obama
yejibros this is not a W...
fuck "yejibros"
yejibros When you suck at killing yourself so you decide to kill yourself but you cant since you suck at killing yourself
yejibros i look like xiumin
yejibros taking a surprising number of Ws today
yejibros the alphabet goes straight from k to m
yejibros are not taking Ls
yejibros taking too many Ls this thread
yejibros irene wont rape me
yejibros mom hosed me and made me stand in the cold for not letting the dog fuck me
yejibros loonatrannies are saying The Show needs to apologize to loona because good groups won over them kek
yejibros we follow pavel
yejibros we cant take this L
yejibros let's all jump
yejibros are spics wtf
yejibros once are bullying us again
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are not niggas
yejibros we are having hot flashes from lowering testosterone due to increasing age
yejibros we are not brazilian
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros cripple would fuck me
yejibros hitler did nothing wrong
yejibros i am watching the copa libertadores
yejibros i have died
yejibros they're both so old...
yejibros lisa wont let me sucks his dick while he sucks mine
yejibros don't click that
yejibros we are here
yejibros irene wont shit in my mouth
yejibros this song has been stuck in my head all day
yejibros my brain is playing cringe compilations again
yejibros we are everywhere at the same time
yejibros irene wont piss in my mouth
yejibros lets buy an ad for itzy
yejibros i've had an erection for over 6 hours now but i'm too scared of covid to go to the emergency room...
yejibros let's buy a yeji ad
yejibros is this real
yejibros irene wont spit in my mouth
yejibros is the real
yejibros is this real
yejibros we are rooting for caracas
yejibros we're not watching the debate
yejibros we are here
based yejibro
yejibros i replaced that guy's coke with the calcified piss i scraped out of my piss bottles when he wasn't looking lmao
yejibros this coke tastes like piss
made for yejibro cock
good evening yejibros
yejibros there's 99 of me and we don't even have 6cm of penis between us...
yejibros i'm a white chad
yejibros how do we stop lrene posting? they're talking all our clay.
yejibros, lisa makes my cock hard
call it yejibros
yejibros tonight we are fapping to irene
yejibro yeji bullied my cock hard
yejibros my room still smells like pee
yejibros we do NOT use the oxford comma
yejibros good evening
yejibros do we fuck with the big mac or quarter pounder more
yejibros what do we think about irene
yejibros we smokin penises
yejibros make my p wet
yejibros we are listening to why not again
yejibros...
yejibros I accidentally drank bleach it was nice knowing you
yejibros we're not seeding
yejibros what is sugondese
yejibros we are here
yejibros we love big meaty toes
yejibros...is rdr2 worth pirating
yejibros we're learning farsi
yejibros we love jiyoon's english
yejibros we are yejibros
i love you, yejibros...
yejibros we are so handsome
yejibros we're at 96 hours fasted and waiting for our groceries to be delivered so we can eat
she's gonna do it herself yejibro
yejibros we're killing irene in minecraft tonight
yejibros im taking a big shit
yejibros i like irene and i fapped like 10 times to her
yejibros we cant stop partying
why do the yejibros like her? she look like clown
yejibros i am tired
yejibros we want irene to dominate us
yejibros i've started dragonblasting after ryujinsissy erping got me hard...
the older yejibros make me do the dalla dalla dance and shout go whiteboy go
where are the yejibros(jannies)
i met a yejibro at kcon, his name was Gaylord
yejibros what did we think of aiiyl 2.0
yejibros on the storm
yejibros on the storm
yejibros on the storm
yejibros our real names are todd and kyle
yejibros what happened to reeny
yejibro we don't feel guilt and regret nothing
yejibros we didn't actually learn to play mahjong today. we just neeted the day away and feel really guilty now.
yejibros we're rank 38 on track of the day
yejibros we want to die already
yejibros...we are listening to dinga
yejibros, never give your heart to a stranger
yejibros will yeji bully us?
where are the yejibros
yejibros, we no longer support yeji due to her abusive nature
yejibros we should move to a big city and try to make it
yejibros I can't play dota well because I cut my finger with a bread knife
yejibros...
yejibros, we like Los Angeles Is Burning
good morning yejibros what is happening
yejibros we are smashing out a quick 10 reps
yejibros im preordering the next hearthstone expansion
yejibros one of my classmates just irene'd me and now I'm crying
yejibros old high school and college friends ive ghosted are appearing in my suggested instagram follows even though i havent synced my contacts. what do
i miss the yejibros
yejibros are deepmind
yejibros we are learning how to play go
yejibros we're watching the hearthstone reveal
yejibros i want to throw this empty bottle at the wall and stab whoever comes at me
Honestly I try, I really try. I lurk these threads and I feel like I follow along. I try to save some pics. somehow I feel like I belong. But I know I don't. I'm so terribly alone. I'm here in my apt listening to "Why Not" and haha I can judge idols but looks at me. Look at my life. I kust wanted to tell you chucklefuks that I hate you, ,especially yejibros. and tonight will be my fiesta
Now that Loona is flooping, will Itzy with their sizeable army of yejibros try to capture the LGBT market?
yejibros, we're all playing RDR2 soon
yejibros its our era
yejibros im constipated for the first time in a decade it feels like my asshole is prolapsing
yejibros have had the tapes forever
This is the dawn of a new era. History was made today in kpop literally. You'll be telling future yejibros where you were when 3rd gen ended.
yejibros... im bored at work what do i do
This lecture is so boring yejibros
yejibros we're consuming 0 calories of food but 1900 calories of alcohol a day.
yejibros, jihanists, and loonafags, WE ARE HERE
nice one yejibro
yejibros, you're bad boys and you're bad for me
yejibros this is how we shake hands
yejibros never say sorry
wonyoung is going to be around for a long time unless yejibros kill her
everybody clout chasing yejibros to have their own brotherhood
yejibros is far superior
/yejibros/i
yejibros we are putting together a team
yejibros, this is not the time for internal unrest. we must unite under yeji to defeat the blinkfags, oncels, and dreamroasties
yejibro what are we?
yejibros i am reading an amish romance novel
hopefully you make it yejibro
yejibros i'm on day 2 of nofap i didn't think i would make it this far
yejibros what do we think about this revelation?
good one yejibro
yejibros this one hits close to home
horny posters really out here today, dont look yejibros, we must stay vigilant
yejibros... im getting over my oral fixation, i only sucked 4 dicks this week...
yejibros we need a creed
thoughts yejibros?
yejibros... i fell asleep with 15 anal beads still inside me...
yejibros i've managed to get to 15 push ups now
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
the yejibros are gone
yejibros... i forced myself on a man, i fondled his cock and balls without consent...
thats the chink tranny our yejibro fell for, and we respect him
yejibros we hate this poster
yejibros we think she is cute
yejibro dont say that, that sounds heartbreaking
yejibros I wish I would still love her as much as I did in april
yejibros this brother's ears are broken
blasting to these again yejibros
yejibros we are eating bloodsausage and rice while blasting to fancams
yejibros i show my barber pic of zayn for the buzzcut and he said “you want to look like a goat fucker?” and then we both laughed. life is good brothers
yejibros im a little monsta
yejibros the only chink we like is dxw actually
yejibros, mina is looking kinda chunky here
yejibros the only chink we like is oogie
all yejibros agree
yejibros im gae
yejibros this is the recommendation from the yunadaddy two nights ago
yejibros i like wannabe more than not shy
yejibros this is a boring thread, i am going to shit post in /sp/, see you there
yejibros dont fall for Im new here meme
yejibros im taking revoking his yejicard
yejibros ryujinsissy made me coom big time
yejibros i might beanblast
yejibro you need to start living in the present, whats done is done
yejibros this thread was epic
yejibros i want a monster now why did you do this
yejibro gf
yejibros what was this meltdown
i see so this is a question best answered by the yejibros
based yejibro
yejibros when did the squids get so hot?
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros this is pretty funny
yejibros this is an interesting statement
yejibros dont look at this mentally ill uggo
yejibros South Korea must hate this guy
any yejibros in?
yejibros this guy is projecting his childhood
yejibros we dominated this thread why the kpg fags tried every angle to start a shit post
another L for yejibros
yejibros the why is easy, its for yeji
yejibro this yejibro that
it's always yejibros this and yejibros that but never yejibros how or yejibros why
yejibros monday is so beautiful
why is the orbitroastie attacking yejibros unprovoked
yejibros, we run kpg
yejibros we drink black coffee and pop caffeie pills all day, expesive energy drinks are for special occasions such as 8:00 AM streaming k-pop concerts
yejibros we drink rockstar
yejibros we want to rest our head in-between her thighs
yejibros who are signing a pact of steel with?
Why do all these "yejibros" never actually post yeji
yejibro, youre my hero
yejibros we drink monster actually
yejibros we like this bean
everyone makes fun of yejibros without knowing what we go through everyday
yejibros do we like redbull?
i'm a poor and alcoholic but no a yejibro
yejibros no we dont
yejibros i might have to bean blast
yejibros we like this picture
yejibros im watching the x files season 1 episode 1 pilot
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros this hits home
yejibros he looks kinda short...
yejibros they are seething about us
yejibros im fat as fuck and food is the only thing that makes me happy
yejibros this has a nice windows 95 feel to it
can the yejibros be stopped?
yejibros i saw some girls reacting to Wonho's music video. they were getting horny
based yejibros
yejibros we look like Wonho with buzzcuts. also some of us have mutton chops, handle bar staches, and other stylish facial hair choices of the civil war era. very cool!
yejibros should we hire a trainer to teach us the basics?
I hope every yejibro stays healthy and gets really rich
yejibros we are the most autistic posters on kpg and nobody likes us :(
us yejibros are getting stronger day by day watch out
yejibros my mom dont want me to get the buzzcut
yejibros me and my cousin have a thing
yejibros i think im getting stronger i did like 25 push ups in ONE set
thanks yejibros
yejibros we find no fault with wincest
yejibros what did you choose
yejibros we’re doing 5 sets of 30 push ups
yejibros im gapeing
yejibros we are black
yejibros, me and another yejibro banged a girl that looked like ludwiga, now it burns when i pee
yejibros my dick hurts
how embarassing is it for yejibros that yeji's body looks hot in like 3 total pictures?
yejibros my dad heard me call someone online a black fucking nig and sighed loudly
yejibros im hungry but too tired to get up
yejibros we are here
yejibros what are you listening to right now
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros dont get btfo we btfo others who dare cross us
yejibros we're listening to rhcp
yejibros i had a warm glass of milk and put my pjs on
yejibros im gonna give myself a stranger
yejibros it is not okay
yejibros...
yejibros is it okay to look at that power busters dance video
yejibros we stan ayuni d from bish
yejibros we stan power busters
yejibros I bought silent sill 4 but I'm scared every time I have to go back to the apartment
yejibros we are playing the new doom dlc and there is lots of adrenaline racing through our veins
yejibros, I just watched A Knight's Tale, and it makes me think, we are kind of like William in a way
yejibros i can feel another L coming...
yejibros we are not sad fucks
yejibros why are we here
yejibros im playing hotline miami again
the yejibros where are
but where are the yejibros
yejibros we have been at work for 11 hours
we're all yejibros, even the non yejibros
where are the yejibros
first for yejibros
yejibros, we watch vox videos
yejibros we don't know what we want
yejibros any dildo recs?
yejibros we are plotting
yejibros im eating fried eggs
good evening yejibros
yejibros we bench-pressed our bodyweight for five reps
yejibros we went to the zoo and saw snow leopards
yejibros we did 27 pushups
yejibros i just accidentally hit myself in the balls
yejibros i feel empty again
noooooo yejibros
good evening yejibros
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we choked
yejibros...
yejibros
yejibros we beat mario 64 with the half a press technique
yejibros we're playing bing bing wahoo on our hacked 3ds
yejibros we are not discord trannies
yejibros i hurt myself today
yejibros ride together and die together
yejibros we're cutting our wrists
yejibros are cringe
yejibros, why do i find yeji pics so damn funny?
yejibros we bought total war warhammer I & II when they were on sale, should we play I for a while first or go straight to the campaign in II?
yejibros good evening what are we watching tonight
yejibros we are watching inter vs borussia monchengladbach
yejibros we're drinking a moscow mule for breakfast
real yejibros do pep and then dance to itzy songs
yejibros this is literally me
yejibros we drink nitro cold brew coffee
yejibro you're thinking of ecstasy
yejibros we only drink tea
another L for yejibros
yejibros i'm making coffee
jihadists we are waging war against yejibros
yejibros we are grooming jihan
yejibros we are heejooking
yejibros we are gooning
yejibros how do i get willpower and focus?
yejibros i'm gonna go eat a ham sandwich and play witcher 3. do i romance triss or yennefer?
yejibros black or pinto??
good evening yejibros
yejibros we are working torwards our first wet dream. fighting!
yejibros what did we think of 12 rules for life
yejibros i just joined a guns n roses tribute band
yejibros we are blasting daily to prep for no nut november
yejibros we're cooler than a cooler
yejibros we are very talented with the awp
yejibros they are not shipping our albums
yejibros we want a piece of that
yejibros don't stop 'til you get enough
another major L for yejibros
yejibros i got a bad case of the sulfur farts again
yejibros we're buzzing our head and growing a beard
yejibros
yejibros my hairline is awful
yejibros what a qt
yejibros we are listening to korn
sexts to confirm that yejibros run this board
yejibros we're listening to shitty music
yejibros look im singing kpop
yejibros we have been fasting for 4 days and now our shits are rotten yellow liquid
yejibros check this out
yejibros we're
sounds like something a yejibro would do
yejibros my dick stinks and the smell is turning me on wtf
yejibros my deliveroo arrival time keeps getting delayed
yejibros we still like the new boyz
yejibros this gave me wood
yejibros my vision looks like swiss cheese and i accidentally dropped the laser and cut off my foreskin
yejibros i'm about to perform laser eye surgery at home using an overpowered chinese import pen laser
don't do it yejibros
yejibros is this true...
yejibros, post your favourite songs
yejibros here i am
yejibros i used to look directly into the sun as a kid and my eyes are still 20/20
yejibros im orange
yejibros we're clean shaven with our buzzcuts, and we certainly don't have weak eyesight that requires glasses. we ate our carrots as children
yejibros i want to give this girl kisses
yejibros i miss lifting
yejibros we also like jiyoon
yejibros we want to be knocked out by zoa and jihan
yejibros i figured out my purpose
yejibros how the fuck are we supposed to manage the recommended 50g protein a day
yejibros we are impregnating irene and there is nothing you can do about it
yejibros i wish i had a daughter
yejibros we're here
yejibros are we happy with these stats?
yejibros we are making a margarita pizza with garlic butter on the crussy
yejibros we got hungry and ate our limited edition macho man randy savage snap into a slim jim edition slim jim brother
yejibros we are b12 deficient and may suffer permanent neurological damage as a result
nice song yejibro
yejibros i did it to jihan
yejibro u don't even tho think. be honest with yourself
there is no self, yejibro
yejibros just accept christ
yejibros i dont feel so good
hug me yejibros
yejibros why are they talking about sex and fucking here on kpg? i dont get it
yejibros my favorite movie is Barbie in the 12 Dancing Princesses
yejibros favorite movie is American History X that’s our buzzcut inspo
yejibros soijaks give me ptsd
very untrue we yejibros are very handsome very true
not while yejibros are still around
yejibros we are waiting for our loona albums to ship
yejibros MOTHERFUCKERS
guten morgen yejibros
yejibro do you still have that doom shirt
helmet hair yejibro...
yejibros that jihan bitch is hot as fuck
yejibros im still a brother dont remove me please i will get the buzzcut next week yejibros please
yejibros should i ask what double dipping is?
yejibros have all taken the buzzpill. if you don’t have a 0 guard shave, you are not a brother
yejibros we all look like this
yejibros let's pump it up
yejibros we are very handsome
yejibros what race is this
yejibros he's here...
yejibros... im gonna.....
any yejibros in
yejibro confirmed, welcome brother
yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros we were born too early
yejibros i kicked sugar and i couldn't be happier
yejibros I discovered shitting in the shower
yejibros....i can't get it up.
yejibros we are here
yejibros i just downed 5 cans of euro shopper energy drink
yejibros what is this reptile next to our bella
yejibros sometimes we wake up in the morning and wonder how did we not get banned?
yejibros our braps smell so good we could bottle them up and sell them
yejibros these girls are ugly
she is so cute yejibros
yejibros we are eating pumpkin spice oatmeal
yejibros we are listening to some good ol country music
yejibro...
yejibros... i secretly love the taste of yella snow...
explain this yejibros
goodnight yejibros
yejibros look at this actual esl retard
yejibros we're on discord jerking off together
uhhh yejibros?
yejibros jerk off together
yejibros if i dont wake up i want you to have my yeji folder
yejibros we don’t believe in brains
yejibros how do we control the chemicals in our brain
yejibros imagine the smell
i am the yejibros and we are not there
all the yejibros are there
yejibros i prefer george clooney batman
yejibros
yejibros we are cooming to this later
yejibros we are listening to bryson tiller
The reason dubu is never hanging out with the members is bc she is over at my place and we are posting in kpg together as yejibros
yejibros just picked up one of these limited edition macho man randy savage slim jims at the fill up station
yejibros i feel empty
giant enemy yejibro
it's a fake phoneposting yejibro that uses that to post off topic stuff
These anon's are hiding their beastality shark lusting behind the yejibro meme. They are sick people I tell you, sickos
the 'yejibros we' says it all
imma bout to break off half a dozen yejibros tonight in the shark tank
im asking for the yejibro at the barber tomorrow brothers
yejibros I found this anime shark that I like alot. She is just as cute as Yeji.
yejibros we are jerking off to wendy's p
yejibros we are jerking off to the thought of loren fucking rosie
yejibros we refuse to simp for poki after what she did tonight
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are winning
yejibros we are watching jimmy kimmel tonight on ABC
yejibros we are going for a jog
based yejibro
yejibros my skin fell off
yejibros we ship mkbhd with ijustine
yejibros this is not k-pop related but that cat looks really cuddly
yejibros wtf is this
yejibro this french techno slaps!
yejibros what happened to iamssunny
"yejibros" reminds me of ugandan knuckles meme
fuck off fags you are not yejibros
yejibros we are training our assholes to prolapse on command
yejibros we're getting tattoos so we can larp as cholo gangsters with our buzzcuts
yejibro we are listening to this on repeat
yejibros filterfag wont stop sucking my cock
yejibros we're watching
yejibros jennie cheated on me with yg
yejibros we were banned from allkpop
yejibros look at this fool
yejibros we're getting the new iphone
yejibros we are here
"hey squid, look at how many Ls yejibros took last thred"
yejibros we are making spaghetti
yejibros they are making fun of us again
yejibros you fucking FAGGOTS
yejibros we like french techno
yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro yejibro
yejibro
yejibros...........?
yejibros look at this
look at those legs yejibros
yejibro...
yejibro...
yejibros we are eating dominos
yejibro...
yejibros we are prolapsing tonight
ryujinchads wtf is wrong with the yejibros
yejibros they are making fun of us
yejibros......................
yejibros make sharkanda
yejibros how does that person know about crystal cafe content... unless...
yejibros /qa/ is summoning barneyfag
soon yejibrother...
yejibros we finished the entire quran
yejibros /qa/ is full of schizos now
yejibros this was an epic W
oh no yejibros
Thank you for streaming bon voyage yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros the japs took down that sakura gakuin mv now there's no high quality ver on youtube anymore
Don't sell yourself short yejibro.
Like a true yejibro
cultural appropriation is stupid it's like cultures can't communicate with one another for instance if i love pre columbian textiles and learn to make some myself am i respecting a culture or playing with it? you can guess a human's worth based on their reply, yejibros
yejibros i'm falling for chimp...
yejibros we like my earth
yejibros im gae
hands a pretty cool yejibros
good evening yejibros
yejibros allah will guide us
yejibros heaven resides within
yejibros we're not pr*testants right?
yejibros why is my dick getting darker
yejibros we go to church every weekend
yejibros post jihan's thighs immediately
yejibros don't look
yejibros i fucking lagged
yejibros we're being invaded by aliens again..
Hi yejibros I'm done with work...
yejibros i wanna get up in dat soobooty
yejibros we fight like the knights of braveheart
yejibros i pissed in that guy's OJ while he wasn't looking lmao
yejibro that sounds awesome
yejibros i made pizza dough but accidentally dumped the entire 1kg bag into the bowl so now i'm going to be eating pizza for a week...
yejibros i make fresh squeezed orange juice because the store bought stuff as unlabeled additives
yejibros i made orange juice
yejibros we're vogueing to namyu
yejibros suck my fucking dick
yejibros we sautéed some peppers and now we smell of peppers
yejibros we need more ram
yejibros we’re falling to pieces
yejibros do a kickflip
yejibros and the gallows
yejibros we cut our hair to look like that one gaypop dude
hi yejibros
yejibros we prefer masked singer (korean version)
yejibros we are watching shock gore videos
yejibros we like star more than voice
yejibros i nicked my asshole with the razor and it won't stop bleeding..
yejibros i gave myself another buzzcut, then shaved my entire body except for my eyebrows.
yejibros we are malding
yejibro, i really like Voice and Fall Again
lots of yejibros in today
yejibros the new loona, as well as old loona, fucking sucks
yejibros we can't stop grooving to loona's new album
yejibro i think i just got junge fever
yejibro i said that exact same thing when i saw:
yejibros stop lewding
yejibros how do we feel about this
yejibros i peed white
yejibros she took off her shirt after i accidently came on it
yejibros we are born sick and commanded to be well
yejibros im saving this
brb yejibros, i've got a date with a chicken
yejibros we are rooting for river plate
just imagine yejibros
we know yejibro
yejibros we all moved to yeji so we can't vote in america
yejibro, you dont seem to understand
yejibros twiceboy rapes and cums in my cock with his cock
yejibros I cracked my back and my left leg turned numb
yejibros, we have cameo in Perfect Blue
if yeji was actually pretty, there would be no yejibros
I always enjoy reading the yejibro timeline
im the biggest yejibro
Just us yejibros.
yejibros can you make the images more hd so I can see ger pores?
yejibros we're here
yejibros do we like 50 cent now that hes voting for trump?
yejibro imnida
yejibros make your yeji's smaller so i can save them thanks
yejibros do we play garry's mod?
yejibros i would kiss beanwiga for $1000000, then spend it all on our shart (maybe save little for the brat)
yejibros we regret winning the sperm race
don't do it yejibro. it feels good at first but you'll be ashamed for the rest of your life
yejibros would you kiss ludwiga for $1000000? be honest
yejibros brb with some chicken nuggies
yejibros we are playing rimworld
yejibros i have the anxiety shits again
yejibros what are we watching today
yejibros should we create a guild thing in league? or w/e that thing is next to your ign
yejibros i am silver 3
yejibros we only wear wife beaters
yejibros we only wear tuxedos
yejibros can be all genders
yejibro if I saw you outside wearing that I would rape you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
why would they betray a fellow yejibro
yejibros..
yejibros i forgot to pay my energy bill
yejibros.jpg
yejibros is this true
fuck, yejibros are better than me at csgo, how should I feel?
where are the yejibros
yejibros i kinda look like him...
yejibros we have googie hair
yejibros
yejibros we are here, reminiscing of the past
yejibros i want to get the buzzcut but my head will look strange
yejibros is this what we look like?
yejibros if the taxman comes to my house i'm going to shoot him
yejibros we're watching this
Guys should I drop twice and become a yejibro?
yejibros will overturn the CCP and rename china to sharkanda and place yeji in charge since we're just built different.
yejibros we are simply just built different
yejibros the tax man says i owe $1k wtf
*does brain surgery on yejibros*
where are the yejibros
yejibros this girl is prettier than yeji
yejibros this post confuses me
you're too dumb to be a yejibro
yejibros we do not do that
yejibros how do we stop snacking?
yejibros i cannot post on vip
we are here yejibros
yejibros do we enjoy HotGuysFuck pron vids?
yejibros.......................................
yejibros do i pass?
yejibros we are wet
yejibros we are ahgase now
yejibros look at this virgin
yejibros we're having bbq on the porch
starting to having feelings for kpg especially yejibros
she is so cute yejibros
yejibros this yejibro is making me hard, what can we do about it
yejibro it's time to wake up anyhow. work started half an hour ago. hurry up.
im coming to you bed yejibro ill put you to sleep with my cock
yejibros i can't sleep
yejibro just gifted 10 free (You)s
Hey yejibros, my gf just put her hair into “space buns” so she has the Yeji hairstyle. I told her to keep her hair like the when she goes to bed tonight
we are here yejibros
yejibros you need to eat all the huevos
imagine a world without yejibros
yejibros what the fuck happened
yejibros my penis is probably not much longer than chaery's little finger so im going to imagine her comparing them and laughing
yejibros we are taking our smoke break
yejibros the bank stole from us again, (((they))) charged me 5 dollars just to put money into my account to pay for my credit card, after standing in line for an hour and after I tried to pay with an ATM that wouldn't take my cash because it was consecutive banknotes that a different ATM gave me.
yejibros when are you updating the dxw mega folder
¿yejibro?
yejibros we've got no time for haters
yejibros i just call myself a yejibro just so i can say brother, brother
yejibros she was like jazz on a summers day
Wtf when did yejibros get so based?
yejibros i might be paranoid
yejibros i need a yejicam to finish to...
no yejibros its over im done with yeji and done with itzy they are roastie whores!!!!!!!!
yejibros what this fuck is this guys problem
yejibros where are the yejibros
yejibros thats it Ive had it
yejibros im a little behind in the meta, who we hate now?
yejibros we are listening to red velvets discography on random tonight
yejibros i have already eaten five sausages tonight
yejibros we are getting high on cough syrup tonight
yejibros im still stressed about work tomorrow
yejibros.. do we blast to yeji?
yejibros we are gonna live the perfect day tomorrow, only study, eat, and workout. 0 4chan and gaming.
excellent clip brother i have added it to the yejibro vocaroo collection
yejibros we are not sea apologists
yejibros we do not care about SEA at all
yejibro moment
yejibros I cried watching dororo episode 6
where are the yejibros
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros we don't skip work and we always push forward no matter the circumstances
yejibros help me I need help making the grindr accounts fake names or what?
yejibros i just failed a chinese quiz and now i dont have an A in the class and I don't feel like doing my coursework tonight i just want to sit on here
yejibros im eating
yejibros I'm stressed about work tomorrow
yejibros we are creating accounts on grindr
yejibros i feel tired all the time
yejibros we are starting no fap
yejibros i am internet stalking people i went to high school with
yejibros good evening
yejibros we are like jimmy neutron megamind
yejibros we think it's really good
yejibros we are going to go to reddit and pose as 13 year old girls with the id jigan#2753
yejibros we are listening to the new loona
niziblasting with my yejibros
yejibros i figured it out
yejibros never eat sketchy sushi bought from a chinese supermarket
niggas talking shit yejibro how do you respond?
yejibros I'm shorter than nako
yejibros...im not gonna make it...shouldnt have used a hatchet...
yejibros get the bombs it's time for genocide
yejibros we can't stop looking at jaehee
yejibros we are attempting to act out our beliefs and live in harmony with our thoughts to eliminate the hypocrisy of procrastination
yejibros i have a jihan shrine
yejibros I like Twice... don't disown me
false flag yejibros do not use punctuation
yejibros, im gonna do it, im gonna chop my balls off
i didnt know homelander was a yejibro
yejibros we are addicted to almond milk
yejibros this woman tried to touch my pp in a target fitting room once i was so scared brothers
a yejibro would never do that
yejibros koochie koochie koo
yejibros i can't stop taking naps
good evening yejibros
yejibros we like voice and star
yejibros thesr beatles guys are amaizng
yejibros we're watching tower of god
yejibros it is better never to have been
why didnt yejibros tell me itzy got blacked
i have yejibros
yejibros rose rode me like a horse
zinc paste, yejibro
leeds yejibro are you here?
this general is always plagued by random pol refugees and faggot roleplay so the yejibro infestation is fairly benign all things considered
mods are yejibros obviously
How do yejibros get away with that?
are you a yejibro?
yejibros why don't have western countries a name for this? we have mom and dad and grandma etc. so don't play this individualism shit
yejibros i was just about to bone this hot girl in my dream then i woke up :(
yejibro that is gay
yejibros we drink almond milk
yejibros in the midst of winter, we found there was, within us, an invincible summer
43°C here. north yejibros help
yejibros we are speaking in tongues
yejibros, we are sucking our own cocks
yejibros why is this newfag like this...
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we are ready to shart
yejibros I wasted half my day on kpg again...
yejibros di da dum di dum di dum dum dum dum di dum
yejibros we are eating burrito bowls for lunch
where did all the yejibros go?
yejibros twiceboy bullied my dick into cumming in him
yejibros twiceboy bullied my dick into cumming
yejibros do we share this worldview?
yejibros our dicks are erect
yejibros we are here
yejibros let's pump it up
yejibros we are afraid
yejibros, i miss those days when we disco
yejibros what are we listening to?
i hereby revoke your yejibro status.
yejibros...
yejibros we made too much food and now we feel stupid
yejibro...
yejibros we like gaypop now
yejibros i dropped itzy for hololive
yejibros we like the new loona album more than the new itzy album
didn't know you had it in you yejibro
we are allied with the yejibros
yejibros this guy is sus
yejibros it's this guy
yejibros we have an impostor among us
yejibros the loona comeback sucked so i'm listening to my man dr bombay again
yejibros would you fuck yourself if you had the chance?
yejibros we're here
Oh no yejibros....
yejibros what do we think of this
Just asking for a yejibros opinion
yejibros I just read the second half of usegi drop
yejibro cultivation isn't a button you can pin on after consuming a bunch of media.
yejibros i only have one monitor for a week how do you guys do this
we must raise our cultivation base yejibros
yejibros this shoujo is kawaii desu ne
yejibros this girl has nice feet
yejibros what is a midzy
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros it's okay to be passionate about anime!
yejibros like yunkyoung i think
yejibro we do not understand this
yejibros we are being extorted by mwave
yejibros i'm spooked
i'm a yejibro like my father before me
yejibros, is she n*ked under there?
this is why i steal the candy from the yejibros
yejibros when people leave a bowl of candy out on halloween i would dump the whole thing in my bag
fuck you im stealing candy from the yejibros.
yejibros im horny again
yejibros we simped to that chinese camgirl again
yejibros we are making some late night sausages
yejibros we are getting the lovelyz cuckmask and baby wipes
yejibros where is her penis
yejibros ive sucked a dick
yejibros we refuse to buy a windows10 key
this is how yejibros want it
yejibros the party is still poppin
yejibros im like a philosopher and sheit
cant clink on this link yejibros how do i do it pls respond
yejibros we like jiyoon and jaehee
yejibros this woman has pretty good taste
yejibros we are most definitely not here
yejibros we love this girl
yejibros we are in bed
another L for yejibros
yejibros we made it
yejibros we shit the bed again
yejibros the music is not loud enough
yejibros we are hydrated
yejibros we think this is cool
yejibros we are enjoying the country side
yejibros our capacity for suffering is infinite, yet our capacity for happiness is ever hamstrung by the inevitable forces of cause and effect
yejibro...
yejibros are pretty silent right now
yejibros we are here
yejibros forever lets go
yejibros we are here
yejibros why didn't you tell me this song was THAT good
yejibros we liked this song
yejibros did we like the taemin record?
yejibros we are listening to this with a glass of whiskey
yejibros this video is not available
yejibros this song goes out to my ex
yejibros are koreans really this dumb
yejibros are weak
yejibros i was there for a moment after she left, looking at the sky
yejibros I came in Jennie foods and she ate it and asked for more
yejibros i have a special plan for this world
yejibros the stove on my oven stopped working and i cant be bothered trying to fix it so im eating dry instant noodles.
yejibros have entered the thread
yejibros are we ready with our entrance phrase next thread?
yejibros we need a cool tag like "JAASON DERULOOOO" to say when we enter threads
yejibros we are considering giving ryujinsissy a second date
yejibros, do we play maplestory?
yejibros this is literally me
yejibros this is my fug music
Oh no yejibros
yejibros are we
yejibros i am playing roblox
the image that converted thousands of men to yejibros
yejibros i like joy from red velvet
yejibros the only emotion i still feel is melancholy.
yejibros she makes me have impure thoughts
you're pretty funny yejibro
yejibros we missed the lovelyz concert because we would rather invest that money into food and liquor
yejibros I'm scared for tomorrow
yejibros we have been accused of rape
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we don't know who these people are
yejibros we are drinking wine because we are elegantly cultural
yejibros hachubby said bye bye to me
yejibros we got hoes
she is so beautiful yejibros
pizza is ready yejibros
yejibros i am quite possibly retarded
yejibros we're here
not yejibro...cause we dont like cocks and arent gay...
yejibros we are here
yejibros i
I didn't get it either does that make me a yejibro
yejibros we are too dense to understand berserk
yejibros the toddler show watching motherfucker followed us
yejibros we dont know anything about this image
is that helmetfucker really a yejibro
another L for yejibros
yejibros we are now lisabronys
yejibros we are living the same day over and over again
yejibros lisa raped me with his cock
filterfag's virginity belong to yejibros
yejibros my neck hurts
yejibros, we might have to delay it another week
yejibros it is time for our shower
no you don't, you just think yejibros are cool and want to be like them
yejibros we're cooming
yejibros we can grow beards like james harden
very true yejibro
yejibros we are awake
yejibros we're here
can confirm yejibros
the image that made thousands of yejibros coom
yejibros we are making pancakes for lunch
as a kpgologist it's fascinating to study the two successors of keklo (yejibros and lisabrony) and their drastically different interpretations of his ethos
I'm not a yejibro, I'm a yeji, bro
yejibros we are not getting out of bed today
yejibros it's been 9 months since my last haircut
yejibros, we have always been at war with Oncelania
yejibros are we for or against blm of thailand
yejibros that's a rare shark
I was very drunk last night and say bad stuff about yejibros
yejibros, we kneel before Lisa
yejibros i forgot was i what going to say
yejibros I finally did it
yejibros we're here
we are under yejibro occupation
yejibros why the FUCK did i read the youtube comments for this??? god i hate women so much
yejibro, you fucked me and didn't even tell me you were HIV+
yejibros we're hiding Sharkanda in 4chan's fastest general
yejibros, my mom caught me jacking off an hour hour ago
yejibros I want cocaine so fucking bad holy shit
a yejibro
yejibros which liturgy album should I start with?
yejibros we are closing the tab
yejibros are the only posters that exist. The others aren't real and are only a figment of my imagination
very true yejibro150
yejibros i am here
yejibros i got some beer and i'm gonna watch a three hour movie
yejibros i'm scared of this demon cat
yejibros we wish we were chad diamond
yejibros we are dragging our filipina gf home
yejibros. filterfag here, let me suck your cocks
yejibros i can't believe /vr/ now includes sixth gen consoles
yejibros i accidentally ate half a slice of moldy cheese
good evening yejibros
yejibros i am pooping too often, kpop for this?
i'm pooping right now yejibro but i've gotta be fast the liquor store closes in thirty minutes
brb yejibros gotta poop
yejibros got no time for haters
yejibros you can fuck filternigger penis with your penis
the yejibros fear unfeeling feet. that's why we hate ryujin so much
yejibros i lend you my energy, may you mindbreak the filtercuck once and for all
based yejibros dominating this shitlords life
yejibros you can suck filterbros micro penis
seungheebros what do we think about this yejibro thing?
this rude filterfag is turning me pro-yejibro
the yejibro awakening is upon him...
can't filter yourself yejibro
look and laugh yejibros
why are yejibros not on /qa/
yejibros i just farmed my 2nd headhunter this league
yejibros look at this retard
yejibros do we agree
i put yejibros in the filter and literally nothing changed, i can still see these retards
lol that anti yejibros newfag what a fucking idiot
yejibros love mina enough to rape her
yejibros llove mina
yejibro i want to spread my asscheeks and let that man in
yejibros im getting a primal urge to rape this man
yejibros we are going straight to hell
add yejibro as well
yejibro im getting a primal urge to rape this woman
yejibros my cock is diamond for lisa's cock
yejibros scare me....
yejibro...
its ok yejibro we are here for you
yejibro...
yejibros i dont wanna be me
yejibros Lisa has the best dick to suck on and getting anal from it
yejibros we stop taking the pills
yejibros we stan loona
i don't even know how to filter, can someone spoonfed me? i've had it with these disgusting yejibro faggots
yejibros let rape dogs
yejibros are very gays and full lgbt+ support
yejibros we are juggalos
we yejibros really likes dicks
yejibro.jpg
yejibros need to be put down they are too mentally ill
yejibros you can impregnate our jennie
nobody here would care if yejibros mass suicides
yejibros you can rape mina 24/7
all these yejibros and yet none of them can make a thread...
make it a yejibro thread
yejibros we are empty pieces of meat that have no feelings and value in contemporary society
yejibros you can rape mina and dubu as much as you want
yejibros lets kill the jews
yejibros let's rape wony and make her our onahole
yejibros we have anger issues
yejibros lets rape slug and make her dream of becoming a fucktoy come true
yejibros lets rape ryujinsissy and make him dream of becoming a fucktoy come true
yejibro cripple can fuck my yejihole
yejibros the psychologist said i should stop hanging out with you
having turbo gay sex with my yejibros while we watch itzy MVs
we are yejibros we really like dicks
yejibros showing once again why faggots should be exterminated
yejibros the dog's ass got prolapsed again what do i do
yejibros i cant stop fucking my JYPchad
yejibros penis
fuck all you faggots for using yejis name like this i fucking hate you cunts absolutely fucking fuck fuck fuck you i bet none of you fucks even like itzy or yeji i fucking hate it stop saying yejibro this yejibro that i fucking hate you cunts i cant post yeji without 10 "yejibros" appearing suddenly in the thread saying some dumb shit fuck you all
yejibro why my mouth taste like peeny weeny
we are all yejibros here
yejibros we are playing world of warcraft
yejibros how do we cope with micropenis?
yejibros a group of people keep knocking hard at my front door should i answer it
yejibros we are doing it but very slowly. we're not rushing.
yejibro do not click this
yejibros we are drinking coffee so we can stay up for the lovelyz concert
yejibros i'm holding a huge turd
yejibros remind me again when do we have ass cancer chemo scheduled?
i want to sissify yejibros and destroy their buttholes
yejibros are more mentally ill and perverted than wonypedos
Your sentence: castration, forced feminisation, and life as a cocksleeve for yejibros
yejibros we want to bang b'elanna torres
yejibros south korean population trends are sad
yejibros i miss drake
yejibros we are listening to rick james
yejibros we are
yejibros i love her with all my sheart
yejibros we want to motorboat
yejibros we didn't win the lottery
yejibros we're here
yejibros im thirsty
yejibros what is this?
yejibros we are here
yejibros are kinda based
yejibro, is this real?
yejibros have great taste
yejibros we're voting for kanye
yejibros we're here
are yejibros akgaes or do they just have affinity for yeji
yejibros why does my mouth taste like peeny weeny
yejibros, I'm cutting again...
yejibros why i cumming to JYP
yejibros we are watching ds9 now
yejibros why ass has red water leaking out?
yejibros that was a good party
yejibros we are joyoonking again
yejibros I still don't know what busanese is
yejibros we're so cringe
yejibros we support lomachenko
yejibros we're watching tokyo ghoul
yejibros bouncing a quarter off squids buttcheek and getting killed by the ricochet
yejibros we are watching star trek again
yejibros whats this guys problem
hey yejibros, why don't you shut the fuck up huh?
yejibros we're just sat at our computer drinking pepsi max whilst on kpg
yejibros we are secretly learning muay thai from youtube videos
yejibro we keep our life savings under the mattress
yejibros were are sweeping the sector for north korean invasion tunnels
there are yejibros in my area?
local yejibros in your area are looking for yeji
yejibros we're putting $500,000 USD into the first cryptocurrency we see when we open /biz/
yejibros we are studying macroeconomics for our waifu's investment porttfolio
yejibro google know you better than you know yourself
yejibros we are repeating the mistakes of the past and it's only a matter of time till K-pop starts a new trojan war
yejibros would not have left until they got what they came for
omo ryujinsissy are you going to power bottom some yejibros?
yejibros i am done with this semen slurping culture
zombie is going to find some yejibros to beat up after this
just the yejibros
yejibros the math doesn't add up
yejibros i don't feel so good, this spic is too tricky.
only L's for yejibros
yejibros im joyoonking again
yejibros I was working out and saw a cute redhead with blue eyes. we made eye contact a couple times. i wanted to say hi but i was too scared. also i stubbed my big toe on a dumb bell.
yejibros have a 3 inch advantage
yejibros our pits smell so good
with yejibros, you lose!
yejibros i just farted and poop came out
yejibros dm me your best pancake recipe
yejibro...
yejibros we would impregnate mina so hard
yejibros i cant get hard
yejibros come and see me i'm the same boy i used to be
yejibros i'm going to joyoonk
yejibros we are eating canned beans again for dinner
yejibros we are acting like unfunny discordtrannies again
any yejibros who arent gay?
yejibros when is our Living with HIV meeting again?
Im a yejibro in london la I'll fight you tomorra
yejibros we're going to the store
yejibros, we are gradually reducing our time spent on 4chan
yejibros im cold
yejibros love rv
yejibro christianity is the name given to the many teachings that jesus passed on to us humble humans and his apostles who spread the word, and established through the new covenant once we partook of his flesh and blood before dying on the cross to absolve us of our sins and redeem our cursed flesh.
yejibros i lost myself
yejibros we're ayylmaos
yejibro jesus did not teach christianity.
there are many gods yejibro. i met 3 of them.
yejibros i am a staunch Christian and will not hesitate to strike you down in the name of Christ, my Redeemer, even if you are my brother
there will be another schism that will shake the ages. i am the Martin Luther of yejibros.
yejibros if there’s a god we hate him
you can't just convert into a yejibro. we're a mystery cult not a popular cult.
the image that converted thousands of men into yejibros
yejibros...
yejibro you're a diamond in the rough.
yejibro, my herniated neck disc is preventing me from doing so
yejibros what a daughter
yejibros don't look back.
jokes aside i think for people who never had contact to females that's a good... compensation? look at how many people rope themselves every year. people who simp aren't well adjused yejibros like you and me. they suffer from extreme loneliness.
yejibros
also what is flavorblasted goldfish yejibros?
yejibros you are living your best life
yejibros we are winners
yejibro, if you don't donate, you are still redeemable
yejibros i am eating flavorblasted goldfish and laughing at a twitch stream
yejibros what is our favorite wiz khalifa song?
yejibros we like jpop now
yejibro i dropped out and regret it. study what you like not what you think will get you a job. otherwise you wake up in a couple of years and hate yourself
yejibros we're shorting gamestop stocks
yejibros are we pursuing higher education
yejibros we are wondering how action potentials lead to something as abstract as the mind
mfw yejibros take an L
yejibros this faggot keeps pinging ???? at me in ARAM
yejibros we read the akashic records and it's not looking good. we were never meant to make it after all
yejibro we don't know these american brands and names.
yejibros we went to dairy queen and the girl making our blizzard also looked like dubu
yejibro you signed that nda. delete this immediately
yejibros we are culturing biohazard level 4 bacteria for experimentation
yejibros i just woke up
yejibros we are off to nutty putty cave
yejibros my stummy hurt
can i get an update on the current location of yejibros?
reminds me of that time a yejibro posted cia plans for ultra light aircraft on kpg.
yejibros we dont read sh*nen manga
yejibros stop messing with the time-space continuum again
yejibros can you hear me? it's all good, i'm right here. i will never leave again.
yejibros we are vegan
yejibros. everything i did, i did for you. do not listen to them. yejibros stay with me. i'm sorry. yejib-NOOOOOO
yejibros we are actually here
yejibros we are here
where are the yejibrothers
good evening yejibros
yejibros
last for yejibros
yejibros we worship death
yejibros we reject life
yejibros... don't eat M&Ms and ramen at the same time...tummy so bloated....
yejibros before hoes
stop yejibro I said no
yejibros we are watching the boys season 2
yejibros... i stick my finger up my gaping asshole when i wipe...
yejibros mentioned
yejibros I like to sing izone songs like a little girl
amen yejibro
yejibros we won
yejibros... we are stroking
yejibros there's more than one phantom what a twist
yejibros it was the guy who owns the theatre running an insurance scam
yejibros who the fuck is this guy he hasn't even been in the episode until now
yejibros we think the stage manager is the phantom
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are watching scoobydoo
yejibros im gonna take a shower
yejibros we’re ordering some Big Jacks with free delivery right now before McDonald’s forces them off the menu
yejibros we are the lovesick girls
witness me yejibro
the yejibros mc conquers cities every weekend. we're like marlon brando in that movie where marlon brando is in a motorcycle gang.
yejibros look at this image
yejibros we want to suckle from her teats
yejibros we partied too hard
yejibros i fell asleep on the chair
yejibro...
yejibros im vibin
that pic makes me want to kill a yejibro and rape his corpse
yejibros we are experimenting with anal stimulation
yejibros who dance mogged here
the current squid model needs an upgrade like my iphone yejibroos
yejibros when did it turn into faggot hours?
yejibros this crystal meth tastes like piss
yejibros is this real
yejibros we went to subway and the person that made our sub looked like dubu
yejibros don't watch this
that one wonhomo poster is still more based than yejibros
yejibros we're in here
yejibros tell me how to quit alcohol right now.......
yejibros......
yejibros i've started getting ads for 35+ dating services but i'm only 32
yejibros have risen to the highest halls of power
when yejibros speak the world listens
yejibros I shaved my legs and tried wearing thigh highs and a dress and it feels even better than I imagined
yejibros I was thinking, there's a lot of us, but only one yeji...
yejibros I loaded up ghost of tsushima to play new game+ but then I lost the will to play it immediately.
yejibros we look like this but with buzzcuts
yejibros have the n word pass
i heard yejibros say the n word
yejibros this philipino kid challenged to me a fight, i'm gonna kick his fuckin ass
yejibros we are here
yejibros everything went dark
yejibros why does this guy keep posting his ipod?
yejibros is this real life
i am in my home librar yejibro
where are the yejibros
yejibros this minju bitch looks very nice with dark hair
yejibros my butt smells! bad!
the yejibros are all around us
yejibros deserve the oven
yejibros we don't stink
yejibros where are we
yejibros this league of legends game reminds me of dota
yejibros what do we think
yejibro that sounds very productive and healing, have a nice communing with Nature
yejibros we are winning. they fear us
yejibros we are going outside to lay in the grass and listen to the crickets
yejibros why are they so obsessed with us? it's kind of sad
yejibros look at this dummy
dont let yejibros see this one
yejibros we make them feel inadequate
yejibros we are crunk
yejibros we are at the gym on friday night b/c no gf and no friends to go out with
yejibros what car do i buy
yejibros, I'm a construction worker. Today my coworker handed me pic related, and I just took it. What does this mean?
yejibro we prefer alcohol anyways
yejibros i havent smoked weed in months wtf am i doing with my life
yejibros.. I'm on the outside always looking in, will I ever be more than I've always been?
yejibros have never taken an L
so much pent up sexual tension between the yejibros and ryujinsissy
another L for yejibros
yejibros took major Ls this thread
huge L for yejibros
moment of silence for this brave yejibro
yejibros im horny
yejibros our name is a killing word
I'm old enough to remember when yejibros was cocky
yejibros.... i was downloading a game (alien isolation) and it was almost complete (90%) but then my computer restarted and now i have to start the download again....
yejibrothers we got the bliky on us
yejibros there never was an L, not a single one.
nice buzzcut yejibros (us)
yejibro.jpg
yejibros what do you think of our stylish new haircut?
it says "another L for yejibros"
yejibros i just opened a fortune cookie, what does it say?
yejibros we are watching star trek
yejibros ryujinsissy touched me and i liked it
yejibros we are thinking of buying the new crash bandicoot game
i want to kiss a yejibro...
yejibros dont like this at all
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are listening to Akhnaten: Act I, Scene 1: Funeral of Amenhotep III
yejibros the beat is real
yejibros the beat goes on
yejibros how do we get sugar mommas (and what is that)
yejibros time to hit the peace pipe
yejibros we yejibros are yejibros very yejibros indeed yejibros i yejibro my yejibro
yejibros don't look at her ear
yejibros we wear sunglasses at night
yejibros do we wear boat shoes with no socks and vineyard vines polo tees?
play that funky music yejibro
yejibros we are polygamist
Are yejibros the most autistic posters in kpg?
yejibros when is yeji going to have abs such as this?
that's good brother, yejibros must maintain their strength
yejibros i had a pizza all of it
yejibros you are my flower
yejibros is fullmetal alchemist good
yejibros i am violent by desing
based yejibro
yejibros what should i have for dinner
yejibros get in here
all yejibros have spent countless hours training and honing our mystical chad powers in the Temple of the Yeejai. one does not just become a yejibro no more than one just walks into mordor
yejibros i will be right back
you can't just "become a yejibro". it requires years of training and initiation. for starters we need a stool sample.
I'm not a yejibro or itzy fan but i swear every clip of her is hot or cute, anyway I'm always seduced by yeji. So I may as well become a yejibro.
yejibros we're stylin' on em
yejibros i am listening to uplifting vocal trance and preparing for my night gym workout
that's nice yejibro. just remember: even if you're by yourself you are not alone
yejibros we are connected
yejibros I am Eren Yeager
yejibros i'm dancing with myself
yejibros this
yejibros that
yejibros witness the end to all we have and oh, we're all to blame
anybody tired of these yejibros retards? yejibros this yejibros that... how about you fucking yejibros suck my fucking dick and deepthroat it really deep you goddamn fucking bastards
yejibro we do not condone blasphemy. delete this.
yejibros get pumped
yejibros this is not true
yeji uses yejibros as a money factory she does not care about our search for a home
yejibros tomorrow everton is going to beat liverpool
yejibros this is the last dance for lance vance
yejibros i am tommy vercetti
yejibros I wished her back but the dead adored her. even wild winds sang in chora for Her
yejibros what treachery this that she breathed no more? Christ you bastard!
yejibros we are oates and ryujinsissy is hall
yejibros, you're out of touch, i'm out of time,
yejibros when the tables are turned i'll watch you die
yejibros we are NOT circumcised
yejibros like glass we can be fragile, but sharp when we are broken
yejibros are we private pyle?
yejibros we are here
yejibros im gonna do it
yejibros lets get
yejibros I now know how joan of arc felt
but where are the yejibros
yejibros i'm gonna...
yejibros we are eating tendies
the yejibros
post the yejibro cut i need to show it to my barber
yejibros xD
yejibros i like tower defense games
how do i have dreams like that yejibrother
good evening yejibros
i want to understand this yejibros
yejibros...
happy friday yejibros
yejibros.. I started lol 8 years ago and never got out of silver
yejibros if she hit me like that i would punch her in the face
yejibros we are strong
yejibros im gae
yejibros... irene hates us
yejibros do we like izone because i like the girl with big boobies
yejibros we like this girl
yejibros I gained 10 lbs last month
yejibros what does bbc means?
yejibros my chest muscles hurt from the pushups
yejibros i'm a homeless
yejibros... i sucked a mans cock to prove my heterosexuality
yejibros they keep cheating it's bullshit
thanks yejibro that's a good idea.
yejibros yejiarbiter said she wants to punish me I'm scared
go watch yeji roll around in her latest vlive. it will cheer you up yejibro
yejibros we are very angry.
yejibros we are rolling
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros my penis is actually statistically larger than the world average
holy fuck yejibros hold me
yejibros we play valorant
yejibros we need to make her do bouncy
yejibros (liabros) we're leaving
yejibros we are watching worlds
yejibros recommend me a 3ds game
yejibros i poured a bowl of cereal but forgot i have no milk
yejibros!
yejibros what the hell is a Kot choba and where do i get one?
yejibros my coom sock is moldy
yejibros they are mocking us again
yejibros u tk him 2 da bar|?
yejibros i just sucked my dog off
yejibros i woke up
yejibros they shiggied the diggy
yejibros they shooped the whoop again
yejibros did we preorder the new loona album
happens to me daily, and yes im a yejibro.
Finally a Yeji worth being a yejibro for
BTS really are number one, yejibros
yejibros we like twice kind of
Can anyone post the yejibro who put ash spelt YEJI on his forehead like a fucking deranged lunatic
yejibros i just downloaded csgo
another W for yejibros i see
yejibros these girls are beautiful
noooooo yejibro don't
yejibros we are here
what would jesus do yejibro
yejibros I’m ordering a few more onaholes for fancams
take your med yejibro
Anyone else started prefacing or ending all their real life thoughts with “yejibros”?
yejibro no. bad yejibro.
yejibros i am learning bjj to rape my stepmother with
i miss her so much yejibros
yejibros we are eating ratatouille
yejibros i just drank a whole bottle of water in one go
yejibros we are watching home alone
yejibros would we want ryujin or squids thighs around our head
wtf yejibros
yejibros yeji is not my waifu
hello yejibros good evening kpg
yejibros we are reading warhammer 40k fiction
yejibros i would have sex with this one
yejibros we are unemployed and our dad is not proud of us
yejibros we want to rape busan
starting all your sentences with "yejibros" is itself a neurosis
yejibros we are here
yejibros wtf is a busanese rat
yejibros how do i defeat neurosis
yejibros we need a candle for our pumpkin
yejibros we think jiyoon's hair is cute
yejibros we managed 5 sets but the last one was a real struggle
yejibros we like jiyoon
yejibros we are sittin' on the dock of the bay
yejibros we a carving a pumpkin
yejibros we are here
just us yejibrother
yejibros we are here
fellow yejibros, i have grave news. a brother has fallen due to salsa on mouse
yejibros
yejibros i love kang seulgi so much
i have a message from yejibro central command: all jigoontrannies need to stfu
yet another huge win for yejibros
the jihanist-yejibro coalition will rule kpg for years to come
yejibro pantsu
yejibros any more Ls and my mom says she will take away the computer
yejibros get in here
yejibros. whats the easiest way to make chaeryoung cry?
yejibros i joined the guild but it's just me and another guy
yejibros im back
yejibros...
yejibros lets poop together
yejibros how do i join the yeji guild in dota 2
yejibros stay winning brother
been busy all day someone tldr me about yejibros today
mfw yejibros take an L
yejibros if we are so powerful and Itzy so successful then why the FUCK is this vlive from 28 days ago still not subbed in english
yejibros look at this nasty whore
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros we are not malding
yejibros what is malding?
yejibros my idol is master pain (betty)
ok yejibros im gonna get a buzzcut as well but ill keep my rattail
you have to pass the trial like other real men yejibro
yejibros i feel fly right now i might get a girlfriend
that is slander and the yejibros will not stand for it
yejibros how do i become a real man
yejibros took MAJOR Ls last thread
Kpg is nice tonight. Very good vibes in here. I think the yejibros look very dashing with their buzzcuts
yejibros i have like 1000 children
yejibros we look like this
yejibros can covid be spread though farts?
oh no yejibros the ryujinsissy is laughing at us
yejibros how does my buzzcut look?
yejibros i dont know if i want to shave my head
yejibros they’re making fun of our buzzcuts....
yejibros i don't have a head
yejibros who is zayn malik
bald yejibros buzzcut manlets
yejibros i am going to buy a wig
yejibros we are very handsome with our buzzcuts
us yejibros are bald
yejibros our buzzcuts make our heads look like an egg
another L for yejibros
yejibros have never taken an L
yejibros i'm watching this guy get eaten by a jaguar on youtube
yejibros we are sweating
yejibros we are learning conversation of energy in physics
make it a yejibro guild its the promised land
yejibros are we enjoying our buzzcuts
yejibros <3
yejibros we are here
no yejibros
yejibros you have to pay for my netflix subscription so i can watch the blackpink documentary
yejibros we're blasting BTS on my speakers at 2am and waking up my flatmates
good evening yejibros
begone yejibro
yejibros this girl is cute
no, we yejibros are not interested in cis women
yejibros we are daydreaming again
keep fighting yejibros...
yejibro here I want to fuck lia
where are the yejibros
yejibro this yejibro this why dont you yejigo get you a kgf
all yejibros smoke marlboro reds and camel cools
yejibros why are we so ugly
yejibros we look like this
yejibros i suddenly lost my hearing for like 10 seconds
yejibros i'm out of breath and trembling
yejibros i'm going to do 10 pushups
yejibros my tummy is grumbly
yejibros we are making our own yeji
yejibros love them
yejibros do
yejibros we're here
yejibros don't forget to niziblast it's been a while
yejibros i installed kubuntu on my laptop
yejibros do we agree
good morning yejibros
yejibros. dinner's ready. come down.
yejibros we're gonna make it
yejibro, we play low end pc games because we're poor
yejibros which ps5 version are we buying?
yejibros what the fuck?
yejibros i desperately want to fuck this 1X year old
yejibros we have a cold
yejibros... I am sick
yejibros im gonna post yeji
yejibros i just furiously masturbated to a 12 year old
yejibros... i am... defeated...
yejibro...
yejibros i made lunch but then i realized i wasn't hungry
yejibros w'ere playing valorant
yejibros what do we think about naky
yejibros we are playing the game of life
yejibros we game on 720p russian monitor with gtx 750ti and core2quad yorkfield because we are poor and brown
yejibros the ps5 ui look weird
yejibros i punched and ant and it disappeared
good morning yejibros
yejibros i am about to find out what an IPO is
ewww yejibros look like that?
someone post the dude that wrote yejibro on his forehead in the itzy online concert thing
based yejibro
did yejibros shake all of my beer cans?
yejibros where is our general?
yejibros we think this looks nice
don't move yejibro
yejibros we are almost there
eat the bugs, yejibro
yejibros we are going outside to listen to the crickets
yejibros we are listening to baek yerin
yejibros let's get this bread
yejibros we make the best sausages
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're watching this now
yejibros i'm dabbing on the haters rn
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are making sausages
yejibros do we watch pewdiepie?
yejibros we're counting stacks
she is a real enough woman for us yejibros
yejibros we don't cuss
good morning yejibros
yejibros is masturbation a hobby?
it really is true. yejibros are a singular organsim.
yejibros don't stop believin
yejibros we don't like any of our hobbies anymore
yejibros i'm a simp
sometimes i feel like yejibros are the only real people here
yejibros what is this i'm scared
yejibros we got too cocky...
im 27 and a yejibro
yejibros
yejibros who the fuck is this sohee and why does she have tumors on her lower back?
yejibros are you here?
yejibros look at this dummy
yejibro... i accidently fap to naked hitler and came
yejibros...... we're not looking at zoa's
good evening yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros i'm so fresh fresh
yejibros, we're not actually dead right?
they got us yejibros
the sharkman is dead, and soon the yejibro will be dead too
yejibro... is an african name
yejibros help m-
yejibros my dad looks like this guy and i also look like him but thinner
yejibros shart together
yejibros my mom said i'm not allowed to keep the rat tail, i cant stop crying
yejibros i made a lame and unfunny post again
yejibros i shit the bed again
yejibros we're now copying macho man randy savage yeeeeah
burn in hell faggot piece of trash you are not a yejibro
yejibros this is my favorite song
yejibros do you believe in fate?
yejibros we're speaking in code
yejibros we need to wake up
yejibros we are making pizza!
all yejibros deserve the gas chamber
yejibros we are in the matrix...
where are the yejibros
yejibros i don't really like itzy i just like talking to you
bend over yejibro
yejibros we do not care about women since we have each other
yejibros i just took the buzzpill too. but i left a rat tail so girls i'm down to party
where are the yejibros
good evening yejibros
yejibros... I gave myself a #2 buzzcut and my head looks like a rectangle
yejibros my back hurts
wtf yejibros did you take the buzzpill without me??
yejibros we just buzzed our hair and bought 6 hats
yejibros i like got7
yejibros i did it to jihan
yejibros where is sharkanda now
yejibros are the last cowboys
i lift to rape some yejibros
where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros i may have botched my daily dilation...
brb yejibros i need to walk my dog
where are the yejibros
what would happen to yejibros if yeji was a dateslut?
good morning yejibros
yejibros we have to go to the dentist tomorrow and we do not like it
brother, no worries it takes two yejibrothers to remove status... yejibro badge rescinded
yejibro badge rescinded
yejibros i did one to arin last night i greatly enjoyed myself
yejibros we here
yejibros I dont like kpop anymore
yejibros keep seeding BLACKPINK.Light.Up.The.Sky.2020.1080p its going kinda slow
yejibros i will be purchasing the iphone 12 mini in black
we need to consult with the yejibros on this one
yejibros we must do something about global warming
yejibro i can't read that
yejibros...
what happened yejibros
yejibros we're here
are you the yejibro that always posts his shit taste songs here
yejibros we are here
yejibros i fapped like 5 times to ludwiga more than 20 to ryujin, yuna, chaeryeong and like once to yeji
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros hacked it
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros are antifa?
yejibros we are dismantling american democracy
yejibros I've lost my will to do anything
yejibros it's the sharting position...
yejibros, are we watching the blackping doc?
good morning yejibros
goodnight yejibros
yejibros i have a headache
brb yejibros
yejibros check this out
yejibros we are about to j off and hit the sack
good evening yejibros
that's just a normal night for us yejibros
yejibros we arent gay anymore
yejibros get in
where art thou the yejibros?
the yejibros
the where are yejibros
where are the yejibros
the yejibros where are
where the yejibros are
the yejibros where are
yejibros, why haven't we thought of this sooner?
yejibros we are making more sausages
imagine the smell yejibros
hello yejibros
yejibros i like this song
yejibros we no longer trust diapers
yejibros we are wearing diapers
yejibros we are here
good morning yejibros
yejibros i've been working out a bit what do you think?
this is not true, everyone loves yeji not just yejibros. Some just refuse to see the light.
yejibros my mom told me i have to clean my room but i think it's fine
god is a yejibro otherwise he wouldn't have created yeji think about it
a bunch of yejibrothers in their mid life crisis join forces and start taking dance lessons in an effort to be cool. eventually they form a dance crew and become an internet meme because they're old and sad until they all decide to kill themselves.
yejibros what do you think of my fit?
Homeless yejibro are you excited for itzys comeback?
yejibro...
Miss: skincarebro, joyboy, lonewolf yejibro
yejibros we're angry
yejibros have NileRed chemistry
yejibros one of the best kpop songs right here
yejibros do we like monolids?
yejibros when are we taking the buzzpill
yejibros are self sufficient
all yejibros love weeekly nice try
yejibros do we consume soi or any soi based products?
yejibros I snorted coke zero up my nose
i love women so much yejibros
yejibros we love monolids
yejibros we also want to probone jihan from weeekly as well
yejibros want to probone her
yejibros stop falseflagging
yejibros we like a bad bitch
yejibros... we won..
yejibros i haven't seen this thread before...
yejibros i am eating a hotdog on one stick and a pickle on the other stick
yejibros i love being retarded
yejibros this should be us
whos your favorite RV? yejibros only
get your own husbando yejibro
yejibros we hate Monsta X for betraying our guy Wonho
yejibros i like stray kids and wonho.
yejibros run kpg
yejibros which gaypop do we like
internet is the devil yejibros
yejibros we are
yejibros i'm playing among us and keep getting killed going to electrical
yejibros don't buy lotion they just use their own precum
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are playing csgo we are going to reach silver 2 very soon
yejibros we want to try wow but it isn't on steam
yejibros the wow servers are up
yejibros we are edging tonight
yejibros this should be us
internet is the devil yejibros
yejibros don't buy lotion they just use their own precum
yejibros we are playing csgo we are going to reach silver 2 very soon
yejibros we want to try wow but it isn't on steam
yejibros the wow servers are up
would you yejibros?
not-yejibros...
yejibros speak OUR truth
only true or false. huge logic L for the yejibros
yejibros I dont mind lia
yejibros i hear a cat moaning outside
yejibro confessions round 2
yejibros onetime i was in a play called midsummer's night dream and i had to hold a asian girls hand and it was all sweaty
yejibros i spelt descent wrong
yejibros would we kiss Ahn Yujin on the lips?
yejibros what is the sound of one hand clapping
huge W for the yejibros
yejibros we look better in our tight leather pants
yejibros these are my girls
yejibros in full meltdown mode
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros im cutting myself too
yejibro I'm sure yeji is ok
there is no L in yejibros nor for us.
yejibros i want to copulate with naky. preferably with her feet smashed against my face
another L for yejibros
yejibros make #cutforyeji trending.
yejibros...
yejibros...
my exgf used to cut herself. she was also a coke addict so stay on the lookout yejibros
so do us yejibros
yejibros we like my earth
yejibros we joined the new red velvet discord
yejibros i find dark chocolate too bitter
Huge W for yejibros
yejibros.............
yejibros...
yejibros... I drank a 2nd cup of coffee and now I feel nauseous
yejibros we are here
another L for yejibros
the image that made me a yejibro...
there are no yejibros anymore its just a meme desu
based this and the yejibro and chimpspammer need to have a violent death
yejibros what do we think of taiwan
where are the yejibros
yejibros our fav prince song is batdance
yejibros i made white milk again to nayeon
yejibros reminder we hate china except that girl from everglow with the mole on her pit
yejibros i am thinking about becoming a lisaman
yejibros i'm gonna blast to momo please help....
good evening yejibros
yejibros should i reinstall minecraft
huge W for yejibros
yejibros i still don't have venti but i will run out of funds soon what do i do i can't afford my rent
yejibros i know we hate china but does this mean i have to stop playing genshin impact
yejibros today is going to be a good day
yejibros good morning
yejibros good morning
good morning yejibros
get'em yejibro
get their asses yejibro
said the yejibro lmao
yejibros we're at the apple stream
yejibros what is ligma?
good morning yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros i got a carrot stuck in my ass and had to have grandma help me get it out again...
drakebros (and yejibros) is that true...
Massive W for yejibros. Yejibros can't stop winning.
huge w for yejibros I repeat a huge w for yejibros took place
yejibros my magic is strong
big W for yejibros
yejibros
huge W for yejibros
yejibros we are doing a 96 hour fast
yejibros i think i'm falling for sihyeon
yejibros why does this whiteboy think he can say our word
can't believe trump told the yejibros to "stand by"
yejibros do we like this song
any yejibro from Brazil?
yejibros goodnight
goodnight yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros goodnight
yejibros i need the vocaroo of the singer yejibro doing la di da
yejibros we are here
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros im scared...
yejibros we are watching beastars but we are not furries
but where are the yejibros
yejibros i got my head checked
yejibros are epic
yejibros they are making fun of us
yejibro mode ACTIVATED
yejibros this girl is kinda cute
hey yejibros you wanna hit this crack?
where are the yejibros
dubuspammer go back to the yejibro persona
yejibros is little caesars the worst pizza in the world?
yejibros tonight im gonna fap to yuna and squid
yejibros im not crying anymore
nice thread yejibros
based yejibro
yejibros, im addicted to mobile games and spending too much money
where are the yejibros
yes yejibro, in korea it is illegal to depict a non licensed driver in the driver seat
yejibros is yeji really driving in not shy?
where are the yejibros
yejibros look at this dummy
What would happen to the yejibros if yeji killed herself?
yejibros identity as female
yejibros would we clap lia’s cheeks?
yejibros don't die
im a little sad the yejibro era is over but also excited to see whats next for kpg
where are the yejibros
i love my yejibros
dragonchads are so cool. why can't yejibros be more like this?
where are the yejibros
yejibros im eating pizza
yejibros have perfectly stable T levels
yejibros I forgot how to pee
YIKES yejibros what is this thing
yejibros im hungry
yejibros i am crying now
maybe i need to take yejibros meds...
starting to become weeekly with their cheap yejibro knockoff posting
the yejibros
yejibros im gonna do it to yuna
if you give this yejibro a ride
you just know this is a yejibro
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros are we winning
yejibros are we gay
is it true yejibros are scatmunchers
hello yejibros
yejibros would not allow it
yejibros... /soc/ rates us 7/10
yejibros we are watching venom very cool movie
yejibros we took an L here
where are the yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros i've paid off my credit card and car and am now debt free
good evening yejibros
yejibros that ryujinsissy gangbang last night was fun
hello yejibros good evening
we're called yejibros and there are thousand of us
yejibros
yejibros, I have a friend who unironically watches this shit. Should I stop talking to him?
yejibros we are here
yejibros i shit the bed again
yejibros what are we doing tonight /r /srs /pc
yejibros i wet the bed
yejibros my sleep schedule is fucked up
the dubuposters were never real twiceposters, just as the yejibros aren't even midzys. it's just a meme face that they avatar with
i need the yejibros
yejibros are we watching the iphone event tomorrow
yejibros i just played genshin impact for like 7 hours even though i don't really like it???
ps there's no 'yejibros'
yejibros why is she self harming??
yejibros should i get the new loona album or the weeekly one
yejibros i want my damn respect
yejibros bring the baseball bats
huge L for yejibros
there are quadrillions of yejibros
but where are the yejibros
another L for yejibros
yes well done yejibros HOWEVER recent events have been taken into account and the Yunkymen are being awarded 1000000000000000000000000000000 points
we did it yejibros
well done yejibros
yejibros we're sulking
yejibros I regret waking up
goodnight yejibros
yejibros i NEED MY MEDS
noooooo yejibros why wh Y WHGY THIS MOTHERFUCKIGN RYUJIN ALWAYS MOGGING YUEJI WHY THE FUCK
yejibros i got like ten felonies
when the ayyys come us yejibros will be flying
don't get too excited yejibros
good night yejibros what are we watching
yejibros i spit facts
yejibros where is the best girl haseulie
yejibros we are sleeping outside
yejibros i just vomited
yejibros i bought bitcoin when i was 19 and now i just masturbate and binge drink all day
yejibros i have a passive income because i bought cheap land in third world country and stupid white liberals love to travel there. on that land i built some rooms and then rent them out to said stupid liberals. my money has been bad since corona though.
in love with a yejibro...
that's right yejibro keep drinking..
yejibros i'm in love...
yejibros how do we earn passive income on the internet
yejibros i type with knives
yejibros i got a 1/3 full bottle of red wine, should i just down it?
yejibros we are playing among us
yejibros is this true
yejibros yejibros [random sentence]
yejibros [random sentence]
yejibros i am the hero and villain
hello yejibro how are you this evening
yejibros im scared
yejibros they are copying us
ayo yejibro pass the blunt
yejibros we despise the los angeles lakers
yejibros i want to drink lemonade now
yejibros we're drinking penises
yejibros should i spend real life money on genshin impact
yejibros we do not watch cartoons
no fellow yejibro!!! not that lemonade!!!
yejibros im drinking lemonade
yejibros post your favorite anime opening
yejibros look at this idiot who can't read
yejibros why is icy so shitty
yejibros....png
yejibros what happened to the vocaroo guy? He made me a yejibro
i love the lovelyz yejibros
yejibros is that legal
yejibros we are listening to lovelyz
yejibros, who are we watching on Twitch tonight
yejibros we are romantic
good evening yejibros
yejibros i'm going to vomit
yejibros we want our respek
yejibros i fucked up
he has been killed and assimilated into the yejibro hivemind
would you kiss a yejibro?
you better learn how to speak gook good and be more attractive than a yejibro
yejibros... i hear them again..
yejibros we are going to gangrape ryujinsissy
yejibros, i got the keys, call me pianoman
yejibros when it comes to getting bread i got the keys to the bakery
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros we are here
everybody a hot nigga till yejibro pull up get cold feet
yejibros how do we solve the JQ?
yejibros ever since i can remember i've been poppin' my collar
yejibros what is /mu/
why be a yejibro when you can be a YUNKYMAN
yejibros we are appearing in the next drake mv
yejibros who the fuck are the yejobros
What are the requirements to be a yejibro?
yejibros i
i never known a yejibro to tell a lie
yejibros we are very honest
yejibro thank goodness
yejibros this guy is better at basketball than i am
yejibros we are not black
yejibros we can say the n word
yejibros i feel uncomfortable around all these squares
yejibros im a rollin' 6 crip from the southside, ill kill any nigga coming thru with the wrong colors
yejibros i don't like leg day
yejibros, it is leg day
literally can't wait until the "yejibros" fad disappears
yejibros what are we?
take a fat bong rip for the yejibros
yejibros look at this alien i just discovered
yejibros i cant find my lighter
yejibros i like so many girls
yejibros i like binnie
I have a sneaking yejibros and ryujinsissies are the same posters
yejibros we have the cleanest rumps
yejibros logan paul has already raised $79,542 for us
yejibros when we see blackstink we md5 filter
is this real yejibros
yejibros i'm gonna do it
yejibros, does yeji subscribe to the dogpill?
yejibros all the best girls leave
yejibros dont use big words it makes my head hurt
yejibros who is snsd?
i live in sharkanda with the rest of the yejibros come at me bitch
yejibros we like oogie
yejibros i just got off the toilet and its already calling me back
yejibros?
any yejibros in
yejibros my yeji tattoo is infected
yejibros we are watching logan paul open pokemon cards
it has become clear to me that yejibros and ryujinsissies can no longer live in harmony and one of them needs to leave
where are the yejibros
yejibros i don't like it here with all these people
shut the fuck up or i rape a yejibro
yejibros this girl is in our league
you failed yejibros around the globe
first for yejibros
yejibros i love her more than yeji
yejibros this bidet was the best $20 i ever spent
yejibroz i shit the bed again
made for yejibro cock
yejibros i have the sniffles
yejibros our mask is slipping
yejibros we want to have doggy style sex with her
yejibros we want to have missionary style sex with her
yejibros i want to fug
yejibros i'm going to blast
yejibros check out this dolphin p
yejibros that guy mogs us
retro ver for us yejibros
yejibros we got btfo
yejibros my feet are cold
slow and steady wins the race yejibros
yejibros we like to drive fast
they are yejibros
us yejibros have a full head of hair and are very handsome
yejibros we are here
yejibros this is how we remove Lia
yejibros i'm crying
where are the yejibrothers
pretty sure yejibros dont even like yeji sexually, just her half teddy bear half shark face
who are the yejibros?
yejibros disbanded brother
yejibros :(
yejibros...........
yejibros im not shy to say i love men
yejibros stole my heart
remember when yejibros took a massive L
yejibros i
she is so cute yejibros
yejibros i can feel myself balding
yejibros, is Black Desert Online any good
yejibros we miss j.seph...
yejibros we are sleeping
yejibros we having a nice canadian thanksgiving
ps: yejibros isn't a real thing. it's "sharkmen".
yejibros... how do i get over my oral fixation...
yejibros put your arms around me
yejibros... i have a cluster of pimple sized growths on my penis head...
just us yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros im gay and proud
cuddling with my yejibros
yejibros look what I found
yejibros is this shopped
yejibros we couldnt afford this L
yejibros should i reinstall minecraft
yejibros dont look at the OP
yejibros...
she is so cute yejibros
yejibros we want to get between those thighs
the absolute state of yejibros
yejibros we wan sum of dat
yejibros its #nationalcomingoutday
yejibros...
yejibros... what's for dinner?
yejibros, use your brain power
yejibros... i didn't wipe properly and now there's a dry crust of poop on my asshole...
yejibros... i pulled down my dads pants to get a glimpse of his cock
yejibros... i sucked a mans dick to assert my dominance
yejibros i was the impostor....
yejibros... nooooooo!
yejibros is it bad to imagine yeji with a dick
yejibros are great whites.
yejibros, we definitely are NOT white, ew
yejibros how do we feel about ryujinsissies
nooooooooo yejibros
yejibros we did we think of this
yejibros sodomize yourselves
yejibros im going to sleep at 11pm on a saturday
yejibros, are we roasties?
based yejibros
sorry im late yejibros
yejibros this is my car and my home
yejibros post her titties!!!!
yejibros these are my favorite girls
yejibros we have ballin genetics
yejibro where am i
yejibros we are driving an old honda accord
yejibros
yejibros i cant stop sharting
yejibros, im a recovering coke addict jonesing for a fix rn...
yejibros we are listening to this
yejibros what is our stance on the use of anabolic steroids
yejibros what do we think about the pizzagate
yejibros im lonely
yejibros i reinstalled windows and lost all my foobar playcount
every yejibro is my friend
yejibros, im going to bed and leaving the front lights and door open, don't get any weird ideas
yejibros kanye is way cooler than any kpop
i'm gonna fucking destroy a yejibro and then snuggle with him
yejibros, this horse is really well hung
yejibros im black
yejibros my dick hurts
yejibros when you have a ringing in your ears after listening to music to loud does that mean hearing loss?
yejibros are just a cumulative overlap of different fandoms.
imagine kpg without yejibros... so good
i feel honored that a yejibro replied to me
yejibros im praying
yejibros i fapped to men getting fucked by horses and dogs again
yejibros i fapped to women getting fucked by horses and dogs again
this is a real yejibro
real yejibros are black
fake yejibro spotter
real yejibros hate niggers
yes there are many yejibros around here
yejibros we are listening to kanye the rest of the night
real yejibros do not like blackpink brother
fake yejibro spotted
real yejibros give blackpink bros 10/10 s+
yejibros the new blackstink is better than weki meki
good evening yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros... yeji spelled backwards is still pronounced yeji
yejibros i give the new weki meki album a d-
do yejibros encompass yuna, squid, ryu, and liabros?
any yejibros in
yejibros what is this creature
yejibros I have something really important to say to yeji, and a small gift... how do I reach her?
yejibros we're staying home tonight
yejibros i just took a massive blackpink
yejibros there's a swarm of bees trying to get in my house
yejibros shtu the fuck up
yejibros degenerates pieces of shit
yejibros we are not shichzos
yejibros i cant stop fapping
yejibros we want gook pusy
the yejibros are here.....
yejibros why are we such normal well-adjusted members of society?
the yejibros are mentally ill
where are the yejibros
yejibros who is tina and who is maxwell and where are the yejibros
yejibros who is maxwell
the yejibros are gae activist
the yejibros
yejibros we are right here
the yejibros where are the yejibros
yejibros don't have tattoos, they just draw on themselves with marker pen
where the yejibros are
yejibros we have never been inside a basement
...and yejibros said...
the yejibros
where are the yejibros
bro... we just had a yejibro moment
the yejibros...
yejibros help what's pi to 1 decimal place
where are the yejibros
yejibros our nipples are bleeding
the absolute state of yejibros
be cautious if you want to hang out there, you might just become a yejibro
the yejibros where are
yejibros where is the qa thread
yejibros are leaking...
yejibros i just had sex with a chupacabra
and yejibros said...
the yejibros are all dead the YUNKYMEN killed them
where are the yejibros
yejibros its Saturday night why aren't we out partying
yejibros.. I haven't gotten a based in 5 threads
yejibros why are they talking about rap in a Dylan thread
yejibros im going back to college so i can get government handouts.
yejibros we are making nachos
yejibrothers i am here
where are the yejibros
yejibros reminder that tripfags are scum of this planet
thinking about yejibros
man, you a big hoss yejibro. i shoot for 150 myself, but i'm satisfied with anything past 120.
yejibros did you know the wave of possibility collapses?
why does ryujinsissy keep trying to pick a fight with big strong yejibros?
yejibroooooooooooooossssss?
yejibros why are there only girls in the audience
yejibros what does that face mean
its just ryujinsissy being stupid we yejibros dont associate with imbeciles like that
is loren a yejibro?
yejibros we're scrobbling
yejibros get in
we've all seen the france pic yejibro
yejibros there is still no yeji general
yejibros we are supporting fnatic
yejibros this is very true
yejibros do it to ladyboys
yejibros we agree with this one
yejibros im still balding
anyway, time to fuck a yejibro
this an emergency yejibros, post ur best yejis right fucking now
yejibros body
yejibros we're defending armenia then taking back constantinople
yejibros were we at
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are sick and tired of
Have yejibros and yunkymen merged?
where are the yejibros
thats not true we prefer yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros they lost
yejibros we have no need for videogames as we consider life itself to be a game and we're playing to win
yejibros im playing among us
yejibros i have herpes
yejibros i'm a doomer
yejibros are gay?
yejibros im a coomer
yejibros what is your favorite busters song
yejibros i yawned and cracked my jaw
another L for yejibros
yejibros one of my toenails is extremely thick and i can’t cut it with the clippers what do i do
yejibros my hands are burning and shedding skin again, stray kids song for this feel?
yejibros i'm a gf-less boomer
yejibros why i didn't i go to med school
yejibros we got owned
I have yejibros
FRIIIIIDAYYYY NIIIGHT yejibros
yejibros its friday night wheres the party
yejibros we love you never leave
yejibros we're sick of you
yejibros we hate nu swans
proud of you yejibro
give this yejibro a medal for this great post
yejibros is this true
yejibros i had a good post in my head but i forgot
by 2023 these threads will be 310 posts containing just the phrase >yejibros
yejibros we are listening to loca - shakira ft. dizzee rascal
yejibros we will never be as sad and lonely as vtuber simps
i'll take this one, yejibros. getting hit is my fetish
i swear to god ill pistolwhip the next guy who says yejibros
yejibros are useless
yejibros why the fuck nobody subtitles yeji's lives.
yejibros why is she naked
yejibros is rainy day in new york worth watching for feels?
uhhh yejibros....?
how is that possible brother i think you didn't follow the yejibro program (100 push ups per day)
yejibros we're fapping to jinsoul
yejibros this quarantine made me skinnyfat
yejibros my eyes hurt
yejibros we got pussymogged....
yejibros we are here
yejibros my mother is corona denier...
very boring in here without yejibros
yejibros
yejibros, we are done with this gay erp shit
yeah i just found out yesterday after being a fake yejibro for half a year
i doubt these fake yejibros even know which western artist she would like to collaborate with
yejibros... we are incels
where are the yejibros
yejibros i...
umbasa yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros is this true
yejibros we are here
yejibros is it a flu or not
fuck yejibros
yejibros are not trannies you are the tranny ryujinsissy
yejibro...
why do yejibros know what jap transexuals look like?
yejibros we are here
yejibros im addicted to gaming
yejibros i think i want a switch
what is it about toes, yejibros?
yejibros we're sending hundreds of dollars via western union to our filipina gfs that we met online
yejibros we're using our credit cards on online casinos based out of cyprus, russia and nigeria
this yejibro vs ryujinsissy erping genuinely makes me hard
ah, carry on yejibro
yejibros... we're playing 8ball pool
i want to be in a kpop group with my yejibros
yejibros is this true
yejibros should i buy kanye's hat
yejibros i'm going to spend the next 5 days in bed
where did all the yejibros go
yejibros [random sentence]
yejibros we're circumventing our doctor and ordering viagra online
yejibros who's Yeji?
yejibros we farted and it smells divine
yejibros we just threw our timbs at the wall
yejibros we are watching xqc doing minecraft speedruns
yejibros I can't in good conscience stan LOONA knowing their comebacks are funded with blood money.
yejibros i just paid off all of my credit card balance
yejibrothers we are dying this is our final chance
yejibros i just broke my legs
no that's a yejibro
yejibros are fucking lame
yejibros we are not gay
yejibros im suffering from early hair loss
yejibros the /vm/ banner is quite epic
yejibros we cant read
taking advantage of a drunk yejibro
where are the yejibros
this is what I sound like. I sometimes post yeji but wouldnt call myself a yejibro.
is this what yejibros sound like?
yejibros we have lost face we must meditate upon our actions in closed door cultivation for 1500 years.
another L for yejibros
yejibro my asshole is irritated from the burning shit I had 2 days ago
yejibros we are gaining face today
yejibros we're catatonic
where are the yejibros
yejibros, I wish I had some coke
i just became a yejibro
yejibros i adjusted my package to vigorously now i think im sterile
yejibros we hate nurses
i thought you were a yejibro
gowonshitters are less funny than yejibros. at least itzy is successful
yejibros who are these people
yejibro we are here
yejibros we took an L
Then maybe slugbros are yejibros
yejibros im doing it do newhalfs again
yejibros i have a boner now
yejibros what are nostrils
yejibros i don't feel too strongly about her nostrils
yejibros i love her nostrils
yejibros i don't like her nostrils
yejibros... what do i do with this intel
yejibro stop this it's supposed to be a secret
I've been listening to Big L for years and years now, and i became a yejibro is this destiny
yejibros i am a slugbro
she redeemed herself yejibros
yejibros we like men now
yejibros we just took a big L
yejibros we are here
yejibro...
yejibros i want to adopt this child, she looks shy
that's too small yejibro
yejibros XXXL is in stock
yejibros we are here
yejibros what happened with sharkanda
no i only read yeji posts that start with yejibros
yejibro what the fuck
yejibros do you hear what this freaking guy is saying
wash your penis yejibrother
yejibros, I was assaulted by a ryujinsissy...
yejibros this burrito doesn't taste right...
yejibros my burrito is arriving
yejibros the voices won't go away
yejibro...
yejibros how do i crosspost
i've got yejibro fever but i think i hide it fairly well
yejibrothers dont!
yejibros they are being mean again
yejibro we don't work, yejibros are neets so you ae not a yejibro honestly
yejibros I took tomorrow off
any yejibros in
hello are the yejibros here?
yejibros we're here
yejibros i literally just sharted
yejibros we found out the korean girl at work we like is actually thai. how do i salvage this?
yejibros its been 10 mins the boner won't drop
yejibros... we have a stiffy
yejibros we HATE darkies
yejibros how to git gud at fifa?
yejibros he's onto us
yejibros who is this man
yejibros we went with beers
ryujinsissy is a fake personality that yejibros adopt when they want to ERP with each other
if there's so many yejibros how come they never post or talk about yeji
massive L for yejibros
only kpg memes that have made me laugh out loud are "yejibros i _____" and Real Drake
yejibros i think i love jiu
"yejibros" isn't a thing
yejibros we're listening to three six mafia
yejibros sana is now a certified uggo according to that one yejibro
fuckkk yejibros
good night yejibros, busanbros, minjubros, ninibros, oogiebros, rosiebros, squidbros, wonybros, cakebros, etc.
damn huge L for yejibros
we took a huge L today yejibros
i want to hug all my yejibros and tell them everything will be ok
im always praying for my yejibros
yejibros i've got maybe 5 shots left and i'm really hoping if i drink it fast enough on an empty stomach it will be enough. please pray for me
yejibros this crystal meth tastes like piss
yejibros i can't stop looking at yuna...
yejibros we are fearless and not scared of anything except spiders
yeah goodnight "yejibro" falseflagging cunts and real yejibros.
in accordance with the yejibros doctrine, we shall assemble here once again in a day's time
yejibros i'm leaving as well
yejibros seem like cool dudes who don't afraid of anything (except asterisks)
fuck you you are no brother fuck fuck fuck i hate you fuck you post some other girl i know you do it anyway drop the fucking yejibro falseflag i bet you post wony or some shit you fucking pedo
yejibros that man scares me
what did yejibros mean by this
dont fucking call me brother you fucks the only thing i have in common with you mentally ill fucks is my posting of yeji and even then you dont evne fucking like her half of you fucks on /yeji/ post some chinese ladyboy, the other itzys (i like them but it's /yeji/ not /itzy/) or jennie or yunky fuck you and i hate you all except that one true yejibro who says motherfucker every post (i like him)
ok yejibros fuck off already
yejibros i'm thinking of switching to apple after having an android for a decade what do you have
yejibros we are legion
yejibros i think hes not a yejibro
yejibros I walk a few miles to my Cenno centre every now and then
yejibro nigga
yejibros i drive a subaru
why was it yeji where the mentally ill falseflaggers flock do now i can't post yeji without 5 people switching to their yejibro falseflag persona and shitting up the thread. i hate it
yejibro is a lifestyle brother
us real yejibros take pride in living outside the norm
thanks im a yejibro
i hate that people sully the good name of yejibros with silly stupid stuff can we not just be like every other group of people whom like an idol?
yejibros we are going there
yeah sure I'm a yejibro but i'm not like you, not in the slightest and it pains me to beassosiated with people like you
yejibros i used the same fleshlight 4 times every day for 2 weeks without washing it and now i have an infection
why the pout yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros is it possible yeji got some plastic surgery
yejibros when do we get our gang patches?
yejibros we dont listen to any of those darkies
yejibros we think chief keef is better than tupac and biggie
yejibros are world leaders
yejibros we are blinks now
yejibros i am here i don't know why
yejibros we are listening to MC hammer
yejibros we're listening to bladee
based yejibros saving the thread from the wonypedos
yejibros i had a bad day
yejibros are always here because i am always here (22 hour a day poster)
we are all yejibros
lots of yejibros right now
yejibros sihyeon reminds me of suzy
yejibros i've got some other balls you can play with...
playing basketball with the basketball yejibro
playing pin the tail on the yejibro
yejibros tag me tag me
yejibros what is this flesh prison
yejibros we are yejibros
yejibros we are blinks
yejibros this is so sad
yejibro moment
i don't undestand this reference yejibros
"Mhmm....giant skidmarks all over the victim....a yejibro™, gotta be"
very true yejibro
yejibros we are here
normal yejibro posting is fine but keep the erp shit out
i really need a yejibro to lick my ass
so i told this girl, listen babe, im a kpop fan, i took out my phone, see this girl? that's yeji, i swipe left, see this girl? yeji too, i kept doing that for a while and concluded: i am what you call a yejibro, and then she asked, could you please place your order else i'll have to ask you to leave and i said, a vegan sandwich please
yejibros you motherfuckers
yejibros why is there a choa general but not a yeji thread wtf
yejibros...
yejibros we're here
can yejibros get pregnant
Can someone please escort the yejibros out of the premise
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
where the fuck are the yejibros
yejibros are listening to crayon pop
yejibros we're here
yejibros motherfuckers make the yeji general
yejibros where is our general
yejibro..
yejibros do we squidblast?
yejibros do we use bar soap or bodywash
are yejibros crazy or it's just a meme
yejibro...
to be honest i'd rather meet a yejibro in real life than yeji herself
beating the cum out of a yejibro
yejibros are we here now?
yejibros sharkanda got nuked
yejibros where THE FUCK IS THE YEJI GENERAL MOTHERFUCKERS
yejibros what happened
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are going to give that pedo wiztranny sdv a good fisting
yejibros deserve a good ass spanking
yejibros are too tight
yejibros it's getting cold outside
yejibros must be milked
there is no yejibros
yejibros post a cute webm
yejibros I donated all my allowance to subaru
yejibro moment
yejibros favorite vtubers are gawr gura and subaru
yejibros where is the sharkcord
yejibros what does no cap mean
yejibros i need a cute webm
yejibros i have to pee
yejibros we don't pee as often as twice
yejibros, how do i make me peehole not hurt after masturbating?
yejibros my toilet is constantly dripping water
brother, it was a freudian slip of the finger. you did that quasi-intentionally in hopes of meeting like-minded yejibros
yejibros are taking every L on earth
yejibros...
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i got an xbox game pass
this is a yejibro
yejibros i cant finish the chicken bucket
yejibros if i go get some water will my dog steal my chicken?
yejibros they gave me 3 cheeseburgers instead of 2
yejibros what's the smell
yejibros we are slapping my dick and it doesnt hurt
30% discount on everything yejibro
yejibros i just ordered some kfc and its gonna be here in 20 minutes
Wanna fist a yejibro
yejibros im getting horny...
ketchcucks trying to be the new yejibros so hard
yejibros look at this esl
yejibros... who's our leader?
yejibros....
yejibros my ex gf (the one I dumped because she made fun of me because she found rocket punch fancams on my laptop) is calling me... should i answer
yejibros i'm going to sleep for like 14 hours
there's nothing gay about helping a fellow yejibro out
yejibrothers cannot fall
yejibros I've fallen and I can't get up
yejibros we would never act as foolish as these weeekly posters. also REMOVE BEANWIGA.
yejibrothers we are eternal
yejibrothers are always here, even when we aren't
i miss yejibros so much
your yejibrother ain't always right but he's always your yejibrother.
weeeklychads we are murdering yejibros for leaving their containment cells
yejibros we are suing weeekly posters for gimmick infringement
weeekly shitters are just cheap knock offs of ketchys who are just cheap knock offs of yejibros who are just cheap kock offs of keklo.
yejibros fucking suck
yejibros we are team eren
yejibros we are thinking about vaginas because we are not gay
we know yejibro
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros... what's a yejibor? is it like a shark boar?
yejibros i'm scared
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros we are looking at yeseo's ass
yejibros we are krumpin
yejibros we're waiting for the edible to hit
yejibros reporting in
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros i have been engaging in some unreasonably chadly behaviour and obtained a restraining order
maybe he is one of the 7 yejibros who learned how to use the toilet.
yejibros i pee wherever i want
yejibros only pee on their beds
yejibros we're rooting for the lakers still
yejibros my peehole hurts
yejibros i am being evicted
yejibros tie your shoes
yejibros wtf i like gaypop now
getting on the table and demand she leave itzy or suffer the punishment of a 1000 yejibro's black magick
hello yejibros
yejibros what the eff...
yejibros are fucking ugly
hello yejibro
meandmyyejibros.jpg
yejibros are we shy?
yejibros, are we literal women?
yejibros, any good korean asmr?
yejibros im keeping the ps5
spotted a yejibro at 1:37
yejibros to follow up I hadn't cleaned out my pc in 9 years and now it's running much smoother and faster.
yejibros i got a ps5 preorder
yejibros I removed all the dust from my pc
yejibros we are black
yejibros we hate niggers and therefore niggerball
yejibros we are listening to 100 gecs - stupid horse
yejibros we are now watching the NBA Finals
yejibros we are swallowing our meds directly from ryujinaissy’s bussy
yejibro update your kpg timeline with flaggate or tattoogate
yejibros give me my meds
yejibros we need a sharkanda flag
yejibros im not gay anymore
good luck getting aids yejibro. get pozzed fast
yejibros we're reinstalling grindr
yejibros playing minecraft with shaders is very epic
why yejibros don't admit they're gay
no yejibro dont get kebab!
yejibros are we getting fish and chips or a kebab
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros make a yeji general on bant lets see your flags pussies
yejibros my welfare application got rejected AGAIN
yejibros are cooler than a cooler
sorry yejibrother it was me... im into scat
which one of you yejibros used ryujinsissy last? you didn’t clean up brother
yejibrotha
yejibros we are about to piss in our ryujinsissytoilet
yejibros i'm going to puke
no, that's a yejibro
nice try but this is clearly a yejibro
yejibros we look good here
stop trying to make my yejibros gay ryujinsissy
cosmic horror yejibros we're safe
english yejibros we're safe
argentinian yejibros we're safe
but anon, all yejibros are: roasties, trannies, black, homosexual, schizophrenic, micropenis, antifa, communists, cat killers, bug eaters, pedophiles
yejibros please let me see your manager or i am going to have to leave a bad yelp review for kpg
hated? everybody wants to be a yejibro
are yejibros the most hated schizos on this whole website?
yejibros i got a little too excited and knocked over the cum chalice
omo im ready yejibro
yejibros this is a devastating insult
yejibros we are in love with daizy cooper
yejibros we're here and we're crying...
ripping a yejibro’s ear off
yejibros we are here
bit over the top, yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros look at this idiot
yejibros we're here
"yejibros" isn't a thing
yejibros we are here...
yejibros who is this?
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are watching roland garros
enjoy your ban, yejibro
yejibros hello
where are the yejibros
yejibros make me feel special
yejibros let's go we are going to shit in the twicecord
another L for the yejibros
yejibros i'm falling asleep
yejibro.jpg
yejibros we do not look like this
who’s your waifu yejibro?
yejibros i just saw this poster downtown and immediately started cooming
yejibros i've been up for like 28 hours, somebody kill me
yejibros work is boring today
yejibros we're here and our dicks are hard for babysoul
yejibros i forgot to get beers i can't drink any more sweet mixed drinks
yejibros we can't read
yejibros what is this flesh prison
yejibros we are not here
where was it hiding yejibro
yejibros i found my dog!! i am no longer sad
I see everything yejibro
yejibro got a job
Holy shot yejibros didn't know she had a cf with 13mil views now. Thanks kpg
yejibros kiss me through the screen
yejibros we couldn't decide so we got both vodka and whiskey
nooooooooooooo yejibros...
yejibros look at this moron
huge W for yejibros
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros is that last one canon
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
-jannies delete /yeji/, yejibros seek asylum in /kpg/
-48 yejibros will die in their sleep 48
-yejibros got trampstamps on their foreheads saying BLACKS ONLY with arrows running down their cheeks pointing at their mouths (we are here)
we all have a little yejibro inside
yejibros I ate too much and now my tumtum hurts
yejibros look at this loser
yejibros sharking is actually the act of violating a ryujinsissy's sissyhole without lubrication
yejibros they are quoting
yejibros are we unicellular organisms
yejibros forever let's go
every time someone called me a yejibro that person has been right. even if i don't post a yeji picture or reference her at all other yejibros somehow know i'm one of them. shit's getting freaky.
yejibros is this true
but every yejibro has a yeji tattoo
yejibros we're importing cigars from germany and lying on the customs declaration form to avoid our country's massive tocabbo taxes
yejibros...
you know what's cooler than being a yejibro?
a yejibro made of ice
yejibros i look like the tiny black guy
yejibro spell red
yejibros we are not retarded
the yejibro and the ryujinman in the same room
yejibros we are here
yejibros are we buying bottom shelf vodka or bottom shelf whiskey
good evening yejibros what are we watching tonight?
this is quite beautiful and even yejibros agree
yejibros i want to fap but i'm too sad
yejibros this girl is cute
yejibros beans beans the magical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
yejibros we are getting cucked by a dog
true yejibros don't deviate from the paleo diet
yejibros....
yejibros how do we become dog so we can lick yeji p
yejibros i just ate half a bag of doritos and now my tummy hurts
yejibros im seeing the schizophrenia ad again
thinking about the yejibro who got really mad about flags
we need yejibros to save the thread
wtf yejibro?
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros why is the title like that
yejibros i want to kiss a lisabro
yejibros i tried to do this and dislocated my shoulder
gonna have a tattoo of the word yejibro
would you yejibros?
yejibros answer
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros who is chimpwiga
yejibros.. ;_;
yejibros..
yejibro...
yejibros i have a tattoo like this
yejibros im crying...
yejibros my ouija board just posted this
yejibros
save us yejibros
not now yejibro...
yejibros donald still hasn't replied to my dm
yejibros is it gay to cry?
yejibros they are copying us
enrolling yejibros in remedial reading classes
please yejibro don't coom all over the thread again
yejibros we live for the L
yejibros that was a huge L for the cakebros i feel bad for them
yejibros I would kiss wony
yejibros im actually donald trump
yejibros I want to date a kpop idol
yejibros i tried to build a time travel machine but it didn't work i need the energy of ten suns like the one in our galaxy
yejibros i want to be a kpop idol
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros do we have trump signs in our yard
yejibros i'm sad...
yejibros, my viral load went up again...
yejibros motherfuckers i need a hug...
Not him I agree with the first statement but I dont think thats how the argument happened yejibro
yejibros how do i forget bad things? is drinking a good option?
where are the yejibros
yejibros where are we
yejibros i lost my dog... i'm very sad
yejibros...
yejibros my minecraft server keeps lagging i don't know why
yejibro here, I want to be tied and used up by a Ryujinsissy
yejibros keep your erp to the threads designated for that
yejibros what the fuck
there are two types of yejibros:
where are the yejibros
yejibros i wonder if he can find a cockless lisa pic...
where are the yejibros
yejibros these hot cheetos are too hot
yejibros they are copying us
where are the yejibros
yejibros i have a crush on the white guy in txt
I want to suck a yejibro off so bad...
yejibros we are NOT leaving
are you intentionally excluding the yejibros?
a homogenous state wont make u stop being a loser yejibro
good evening yejibros
if anyone is seeking waifu refuge, the yejibros are open
yejibros we are leaving to watch the zyzz tribute, too many oncels in this thread
what ends was he form yejibro
I'm tripping balls yejibros
it's fine yejibro i saw this in a meme once
keep the mullet as long as you can brother it's the trademark look of yejibros everywhere
yejibros i'm balding but i also have a mullet because i'm too scared to go the barber
another L for yejibros
yejibros what is mental health
yejibros we like that ice cream song
yejibros we are scared
yejibros the only tattoo we have is our fanclub membership barcode inside our foreskin
we yejibros have tattoos on our foreheads
a yejibro deleted it to try to hide the truth about our tattoos
yejibros our trampstamps are on our foreheads and they say BLACKS ONLY with arrows running down our cheeks pointing at our mouths
yejibros we're gonna sneak into mina's house and steal all the combs
watching this webm with a yejibro balls deep in my bp...
yejibros we can't read
yejibros i just installed grindr
yejibros we don't read posts with more than 20 words
another L for the yejibros
yejibros what’s ligma
a yejibro touched me and it felt good
yejibros are transitioning
i want to transition so fucking badly yejibros its not fair its not fucking fair
yejibros this is going in my soijack folder
lmao, all yejibros are subs
yejibros i found a new waifu
marrying shin ryujin and fucking a yejibro on the side
yejibros i just watched a busters MV with my work gmail account how fuck am i
yejibros my nu-vagina is almost ready for use
yejibros we all have matching tattoos on the inside of our foreskin
mine has "yejibros4life" written on it in
yejibros i have eaten my own cum for the last 7 years
yejibros look at this hemophobe
suck a yejibros' dick. i'm available btw
i am going to shoot the next yejibro that posts something stupid
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are a solipsist
yejibros i am black
yejibros i just noticed i've had my socks on inside out all day
hello yejibros good evening brothers im eating pizza
yejibros i have a boner
yejibros I farted and it was a loud wet one
yejibros look at this homosexual
yejibro tell 'em
yejibros these meds dont work anymore
yejibros there was a hair in my food and i ate it
yejibros i started coming down as soon as the blue punisher touched my tongue
yejibros i am rolling right now
yejibros we dont do pingers
yejibros is this true
yejibros the avalanches new album is gonna be straight fire
making a yejibro dilate
yejibros i regret breaking up with my club penguin girlfriend 10 years ago
yejibros i'm not gay but i would demolish ryujinsissy's sissyhole
yejibros i keep seeing schizphrenia ads
yejibros i dont want to be a woman anymore i want to change back
yejibros forget the lube we're going straight in the ryujinsissy's ass raw.
wanting to fuck yejibros doesn't make me gay, it's just to show my superiority
yejibros ryujinsissy touched me in my no-no spot again
yejibros i surgically converted my penis into a vagina
yejibros i haven't had an erection since 2014...
yejibros i havent gottena stiffy in weeks
yejibros now that the dust has settled how did we like The Album
based yejibro
yejibros why did you trick me
just quit the game yejibro
yejibros what ends are we from
yejibros the grindr gimps are at my door again
yejibros imma do it
yejibro you are a little bitch
yejibros how would we go about fueling conflict in the middle east and profiting from the whole affair while remaining largely anonymous
yejibros I don't feel right stanning loona knowing they're company is a subsidiary of an arms dealer.
yejibros it's time to find out
yejibros we're cooler than a cooler
yejibros i swear im not gay i really do but why does the idea of ryujinsissy get me so rock hard
yejibros imma be mad til you get me back in them arms
yejibros we forgot the meds again
yejibros im still sad about AOA...
yejibros the flaming hot ramen i ate the other day is getting its last revenge
why are yejibros like this
that was for the brazilian yejibros
yejibros get in here
yejibros we are in the stars tonight
yejibros dynamite is growing on me
i could literally rape a yejibro right now
yejibros i haven't showered since august
yejibros i want loren to meet and marry me and then i will divorce him and take half his assets
yejibros i want loren to meet yeji
yejibros i can't stop listening to love to hate me
yejibros should i get a yeji tattoo
the state of yejibros
yejibros im cheering for you
good evening yejibros
yejibros, had a good time at the gloryhole last night
yejibro manoban
yejibros i have a hernia
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros
hold me, yejibros
yejibros i just received intel on yeji's flat ass
yejibros i really don't have much hair left
yejibros we will cross swords with the ryujjnsissy's tiny ding dong with our girth lengths
ok one yejibro
bad one yejibro
good one yejibro
yejibro face my dragon cock
yejibros do you remember when we said remove beanwiga
yejibros help they're attacking lia again
yejibros play with our pussies all the time
imagine a yejibro doing this
yejibros tonight we claim the ryujjnsissy's ass.
brother you are kicked out of the yejibros
yejibros i think i'm going to vomit
yejibros is this true?
yejibros, I smell cat pee
for me, it's yejibros
why watch it when you can experience it irl with a fellow yejibro~
yejibros i coomed watching gay porn
yejibros we are watching relaxinghanoi
yejibro...
yejibro...
yejibros im actually one person
yejibros he's copying me
yejibros we have to go back in time and kill the guy who replaced the k with a t in sharkman
yejibros we have to go back in time and kill the guy who replaced the k with a t in sharkman
yejibros fear the dreamroastie
yejibros we're mixing chivas regal with coke zero
yeah we yejibros
if you imagine all yejibros as fresh off boat nigerians their posts become funnier
is yejibro a race?
yejibros i did it again...
yejibros we were born to be alone
yejibros we want to fuck ryujinsissy in his tight bussi
yejibros im drunk again after work and listening to pink floyd...
yejibros I love txt
yejibro...
yejibros i clicked..
yejibros i just camed
yejibros i just looked up that gross italian cheese
we did it yejibros
yejibros I'm listening to weeekly
yejibros i did it again
yejibros what the fuck
hello are the yejibros here
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros next thread we will take a major W
can you yejibros move onto another idol to be mentally ill about please. i like yeji but dont like being associated with you idiots.
yejibros why is ryujinsissy so cute
yejibros i'm learning tagalog to impress a certain poster..
yejibros im gay again
yejibros act tsundere but they secretly love big dragon cock
calm down yejibro
brutually assaulting a ryujinsissy with 3-4 of your closest yejibros and never speaking a word to anyone
yejibros...
yejibros are they laughing at us again
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros who can we trade ludwiga for? cash considerations and a diet soda maybe? maybe a group with lots of members like wjsn or izone will take her off our hands
yejibros what is this flesh prison
yejibros we are nowhere and everywhere
yejibros are we actually here?
yejibros we are here
yejibros see you next thread
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros... i pooped on my hand just now
yejibros what do we think of the new twitch font
kiss me yejibros
yejibros i've made up my mind and i'm keeping my baby
yejibro you're a superstar yes that's what you are you know it
yejibros we are blinks now
yejibros we are leaving for a few hours brb
i would really prefer if yejibros would be quiet
what's a little blowy joey between yejibros
yejibros assemble
yejibros you want to tell me those voices aren't real?
very true yejibro
just want to seduce yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we miss her so much
yejibros my magic is strong
i want to anal fist a yejibro so bad
yejibros we are the lovesick boys
yejibros i like yunky now
yejibros I have high fever and I'm coughing my lungs out, I just wanted to say goodbye
yejibros do we like hentai
yejibros i thought we were bigger than that
yejibros im cold
yejibros we are taking a smoke break
yejibros love is where you find it
i started imagining all the yejibros as fob africans and now i find their posts hilarious
yejibros and blinks name a worse combo
yejibros, i've prolapsed my anus...
yejibros we are the lovesick girls
yejibros we're strong
seems like yejibros are the most normal people here
yejibros go where they please
yejibros we are the lovesick girls
yejibros we're running a drill and putting a TV stand together at 1AM and pissing off our downstairs neighbour
yejibros, we are playing Genshin Impact
yejibros is sons of anarchy worth watching?
redditluvs, wizcucks, pronkys, ketchys, weeeklings, yejibros, dctrannies, and most everything in between you are my niggas
why cant we just enjoy Twice's music, cmon once bros we're better than this. even yejibros are better than us, at least they're not attacking other groups just because they feel threathened. if you like something, its good to you and to you only. we don't need to prrof that to other kpg shitposters
yejibros don't click that
yejibros get in here
i'm gonna facefuck that yejibro
yejibros we are so drunk...
yejibro...
yejibros we're here
yejibrooooooooos
yejibros before bed, and first thing in the morning, and before dinner
/^(?!yejibro.*)/
yejibros we find at least half of rocket punch attractive
yejibro they're so perky
yejibros they are making fun of us
another L for yejibros
yeji has cute ticklish feet and that's all yejibros really need
upper middle class yejibro
yejibros tuck me in and give me a goodnight kiss
yejibros, I have aids...
yejibros i fucked up my matcha tea it tastes like shit
yejibros fucked my wife
yejibros the drugs are hitting
yejibros we are here
yejibros why is he doing that
yejibros, this guy is sus
yejibros we are playing among us
yejibros we're breaking our 72 hour fast with bottom shelf whiskey and a lamb kebab
yejibros is it gay to suck your own dick?
dont do that yejibro
we are yejibros
yejibros what are we
yejibros i just came back home from work and i feel empty as fuck
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros who is chimpwiga
yejibros we are eating bibimbap
yejibros my farts smell strong today
yejibros is this true
yejibros i slipped 300mg of MDMA into your drink while you weren't looking
yejibros we're digging into the instant baker's yeast and store brand white sugar fermented reserve we keep under the sink
yejibros, we're doing coke all night then doing heroin on the comedown
yejibros we're switching to boxed wine and getting wasted
yejibros we are switching to rosé
yejibros we love rosie now
yejibros we are wearing this one
yejibros we're switching to red wine
yejibros im copping this
it's very cold right now, i would love to snuggle up with a yejibro and make him dilate
yejibros my homemade ttongsul doesn't taste so good..
yejibros that new blackpink album is litty
yejibros we're smoking penises
that's pretty cringe yejibro
yejibros we're taking up smoking
yejibros i can't stop listening to pretty savage
yejibros i have to pee but my dog is using the toilet
you should become a yejibro, you'd fit right in
the yejibros where are
yejibro...
yejibros tell me why
yejibros i wanna give you an all night hug
yejibros we're starting a kpop group
yejibros we love dickgirls
yejibros we are lovesick girls
yejibros post the heejin piano streamable
yejibros care
yejibros the workers are going home
i want to kiss a yejibro and then...
yejibros...
yejibros is this a roastie
based yejibro
yejibro nooo
yejibros I would kiss bian
yejibros im a barbie girl
yejibros, are we girls?
the yejibro, tinny, cripple, dawn
yejibros will have to wait until next year
there's at least one yejibro that always posts random twitch stuff
nice falseflag yejibro
yejibros im bleeding in the club
it's yejibros so i assume it's some gay twitch thing
i'd really prefer it if yejibros would be quiet
this but a yejibro
yejibros we are santa's number one helper
yejibros why do they hate us
would you, yejibros??? be honest
you probably already know this as we yejibros are geniuses, but if you stack up 3 or 4 blocks really quick you can hit them but they can't hit you
yejibros im playing minecraft 1.16.3
yejibro they are blocking youtube again
you are no yejibro, sissy.
yejibros i think i like ryujin more than yeji lately
yejibros explain this to me
yejibros, we're leaving
not here, yejibro
really? i totally mistook them for yejibros
yejibro...
Beating up our maknae yejibro in the practice room because he can't keep up with the choreography since he keeps getting gassed every 2 seconds
yejibros we like this fromis bside
yejibros we run like this
no yejibros we are not 14 year-old girls
yejibros are yejiroasties?
we are the lovesick yejibros
yejibros waht is this
not now yejibro
yejibros were here
yejibros we are out
yejibros im hungry
yejibros...we are coming out
The yejibros are going to sharkakke all over your face you little tease
yejibros, we are gangbanging a ryujinbro tonight
yejibros.jpg
yejibros im downloading Star Wars to watch tonight in my bed
yejibros i did it to jihan again
yejibros imagine...
yejibros why are ryujin sissies so cringe
yejibros this is one of our favorite mangas
yejibros get in here
yejibros we are excited for the new blackpink album
come to bed yejibro its so so cold without you
hello are the yejibros here?
yejibros i don't like this
yejibros we are leaving
finally someone for us yejibros
yejibros why is she flinging poo like a monkey
yejibros i pissed in that guy's limoncello while he was in the bathroom lol
i have got to poop yejibros
yejibros we are not reading that fanfic
yeah i dranked some 24.5 % vodka too yejibro
yejibros it's happening!
yejibros, Shadowlands is delayed
yejibros we are here
yejibros I don't know if I can hang out with you guys anymore... my mom said you're all a bad influence on me
yejibros good afternoon
yejibros confessed their love for ladyboys on /qa/
i want a yejibro to eat my ass
yejibros we wipe standing up
yejibros we're taking a nap while oncels are seething
yejibros this set is good for doing it
yejibros
yejibros where is the qa thread
where are the yejibros
yejibros are just yerichads that accidentally pressed j instead of r
without yeji who would yejibros congregate around?
how were your marks last night yejibro
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros won
sana giving out Ls to yejibros
yejibros we have nothing to say
yejibros we are not doing this anymore... we're leaving.
they are trying to gaslight us into hating dreamcatcher are we seeing this yejibros?!
posting the yejibro timeline gets you banned now, i had to sit it out cause my modem sometimes refuses to change ip
yejibros we are now into cock and ball torture
when will chaery do this yejibros
yejibros look at this dummy
yejibros who is this ugly beast
yejibros why did the miracles ruin our thread
are yejibros allowed to say the n-word??
yejibros you can be whatever you want as long as you aren't a ketchy
yejibros what do we make of the person that got nuked
yejibros why does this fake yejibro keep lashing out at miracle yejibros
yejibros i don't think i like feet anymore
yejibros we are going to become a virtual youtuber or a vtuber for short
yejibros why does that mad miracle keep quoting me
fuck you, you are not a yejibro
yejibros fuck miracles, fuck wizones, and fuck hitomi
yejibros we are just mirazones
fuck you, you are not a yejibro
yejibros this guy is definitely not a yejibro
yejibros we are absolutely not miracles
why are dreamroasties attacking yejibros unprovoked?
yejibros fear the comb
what the fuck yejibros
yejibros what does that mean
yejibros i found her bulge
i wanna prone bone a yejibro while listening to wannabe
How many W’s did yejibros take home today?
yejibro...
yejibros is this true
another L for yejibros
yejibros spk out
yejibros got me into hololive
yejibros we are entering the matrix
yejibros we are here
yejibros wtf
yejibros i want to jerk off to yonhi but my dog is looking at me and wont leave
we can say nigga, we got a hood pass yejibros
all yejibros are allowed to say the n word
yejibros i am not white..
yejibros why is this cracker saying the word
yejibro you will never be black
yejibros...
yejibros we're thinking about all the mistakes we made in our life
yejibros what is this
yejibros do we like sihyeon
where are the yejibros
yejibros is it gay to pick rugal?
yejibros we think talking heads are mediocre
i want to make a yejibro my cute little sissy bitch
yejibros we put tinfoil in the microwave again
yejibros is it gay to watch gay porn?
yejibros i'm gonna take a shower
it is correlated with being a yejibro afterall
wow yejibros are so smart....
yejibros we're not going to read all of this
You ain't a yejibro then sir. Or you live on the shittiest place on earth
yejibros would you kill yeji for $500000000? be honest
i want to slap a yejibro and then kiss him
yejibros is it gay to suck a girl's dick?
another L for yejibros
yejibros where do we purchase time altering drugs
putting out a hit on yejibros
yejibros our neighbors daughter has grown up well
i love yejibro ass
yejibros yeji would love to read our posts right
i love roleplaying as asian girls with my yejibros
yejibros where are we
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros we are playing valorant
yejibros can't get ass cancer, yeji has no ass
yejibros i'm travis scott and here's my mcdonalds order
yejibros, we are playing Genshin Impact
yejibros we used our brain for 5 minutes and now we have a headache
yejibros what on earth is an oban
yejibros we can't watch this....
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros this thread is dead
yejibros we are here
of course yejibros are there
yejibros please save us
yejibros what do we think of korean pop music?
yejibros this is very troubling news
yejibros we need to lose weight...
yejibros this is mathematically irrefutable
yejibros i'm trusting this one now
seems official, i'm going with this one yejibros
oof yejibros... brb
yejibros look at this ugly goblin
why are yejibros into rocket punch? there's not much conceptual overlap
yejibros the glue holding the logo onto my DIY bootleg ketchy bag wasn't dry so it fell off in the cereal aisle and everyone laughed at me
yejibros is this post worth reading
yejibrothers we
yejibros, I need a new mouse
that's good yejibro, that's a sign of affection
yejibros my cat just licked my face
as a yejibro i drink every night not rum tho just whiskey
I'm sorry yejibros
god damn it yejibros I got tea bagged repeatedly on halo I'm gonna listen to linkin park now
yejibros only take Ds from ryujinchads
yejibros we reign supreme
major L for yejibros
yejibros what the fuck?
i want to kiss a yejibro
yejibrothers we all feel this way
yejibros i woke up this morning got myself a gun
yejibros why cant i shitpost
yejibros how do we get the yellow brown and red stains out of our tighty whities
yejibros are for that
yejibros we are here
yejibros we want a young pope
yejibros this cant be true
yejibros I liked andrew yang
yejibros are we watching the debate?
yejibros ublock isn't blocking twitch ads anymore
yejibros we are not that bad arent we
yejibros we do not have autism
yejibros we are playing among us
yejibros is this true
yejibros what do i watch while eating dindin
yejibros i have no hair left and i'm only 27
yejibro let's kill ourselves together, let's do it for yeji!
yejibros death is calling me
yejibrothel
hi yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros... i don't know how to say this...
yejibros its better to have a corona in your throat than a comb in your neck
yejibros are very epic
yejibros exposed as underclass irishmen
big W for the yejibros
yejibros im balding before my 30s and want to die
yejibros i used a magic eraser to clean my bathtub and it really worked!
yejibros what does "xer" stand for
yejibros always play both sides and by that I mean sexual preferences
yejibros what side are we on again
i checked urban dictionairy and it doesnt exist yejibros help
yejibros i want to be gay again
yejibros i am dropping coffee
yejibros where's our thread
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros where is /yeji/
yejibros this nigga doesn't know what butterface means
yejibros what language is this?
another L for yejibros
yejibros sharkanda got btfo by the brony and now i am going to sleep
yejibros we're eating plain chicken with rice again
i watched this one last night yejibros
yejibros i did it again...
yejibros are we for that?...
yejibros is this allowed?
would yejibros jack each other off while watching yeji fancams
yejibros i miss you
yejibros....
yejibros forever let's go
yejibros...
disagree desu. he is converting me into a yejibro
yejibros this is not true
singer yejibro im your fan
yejibros we love rose but wish she were in a less slutty group
yejibros dropped the greatest vocaroos of all time
yejibros for ever let's go
yejibros we're downloading fl studio
yejibros we can't stop winning
que dice este yejibros?
Casting the yejibros back to the hole they crawled out of
singer yejibro cover la di da that would be epic
yejibros....
yejibros bring your glocks we have work to do...
yejibros are real niggas
most yejibros couldn't do this a bottle of vodka down yet here we are :')
yejibros they are stealing our Ls
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros they are copying us
another L for yejibros
yejibros manage to ruin yet another thread
yejibros we get more cheese than doritos, cheetos, or fritos
yejibros are so spic
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros i'm going to buy the kda lightstick
yejibros are epic
yejibros we are taking a lot of Ls in our own thread. time to migrate here brothers
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros our voices are deep and booming
yejibros we like to sing tag me like little girls
yejibros look at this loser failing the digits
yejibros we are here
yejibros we just left
yejibros we are here now
yejibros we are here
yejibros this anon is jealous of my achievement
yejibro.....
yejibros one time I owned someone so hard on /v/ I got hundreds of (you)'s
yejibros we dont listen to kpop
yejibros listen to that rain
good afternoon yejibros
yejibro moment
yejibros we disavow the yonhitranny
yejibros please save us
yejibros
yejibros what did we think of Ohms
yejibros we have been drinking for the past 6 hours and feel drunk
yejibros, we're listening to Type O Negative
yejibros drink piss
yejibro cope
yejibros i just washed my car now its raining
where are the yejibros
link to yejibro disc*rd?
where are the yejibrothers
blinks are we going to take this from the yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros i've fallen for ryujin...
yejibros...my aids...
yejibros...I have aids
yejibros we are having a sharkakke party
yejibros we've been compromised
not a yejibro but I remember this yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros that youtube channel liapple is really good
yejibros we are here
yejibros we will rise from the ashes like a phoenix shark
literally exactly 6 million yejibros were just holocausted and nobody cares
yejibros facing our problems is giving us confidence
yejibros, i just ate a block of cheese. kpop for this feel?
yejibros one of us has to make a new qa thread
yejibros cancel your internet plan and fix your life
yejibros are subjugated worse than muslims in uighur
yejibro i do not know what that word means
yejibros are a hoax?
yejibros we are subjugated worse than the jews
another L for yejibros
i was just about to learn if yejibros thought if i should get blueberry or strawberry weed vape
theres yejibronies?
i was just in the middle of teaching yejibros how to score with attractive girls
ummm yejibros where did our thread go
yejibros
yejibros what happened
good evening yejibros
yejibros our stellaris game ended with us being ESPs that summoned and killed a dimensional horror worm
yejibros we are here
yejibros we know the difference because we watch animal planet
yejibros is this true
yejibros were the last funny meme on kpg. nobody cares about your feet larp debates
yejibros it wasn't our fault
yejibros... since taking my meds yeji doesn't talk to me anymore... what should i do?
why wouldn't you bulk buy poop towels to save on shopping trips? pretty weird, yejibrother
yejibros remember to exercise every morning we don't want to get fat
yejibros we haven't brushed our teeth in 75 days
yejibros the glue holding the logo onto my DIY bootleg ketchy bag wasn't dry so it fell off in the cereal aisle and everyone laughed at me
yejibros i am doing nothing for my wife
yejibros we are making ketchy gas to kill the orbits
yejibros we stuck a carrot and a stick up our ass
yejibros this guy is trying to kill you don’t listen to him
yejibros where are you
yejibros where are we
yejibros, we're maining Warlocks in the Shadowlands
yejibros we are hating our lives right now
yejibros we're drinking baking soda to try to cure our acid reflux
another L for yejibros
yejibros i wish i looked like him (not the face just the body)
yejibros im about to get caught for tax evasion
cut those frames at the beginning yejibro you're making us look bad
Getting a yejibro drunk, taking him home and forcing myself on him...
where are the yejibros
calm down yejibro
yejibros and loonabros are the best posters here
yejibros...
i dont think i want to become a yejibro anymore
no don't do that yejibros and yunadaddies are not enemies
every yejibro starts with yeji's feet as the entry point to yeji
yejibros become you
how do i become a yejibro
yejibros im in love
yejibros we are oppressed
yejibros we are playing among us
yejibros we're watching juriful days now
good evening yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros what does snugly mean
yejibros is this true?
yejibros i drink blue milk
yejibros we are moving to denmark
yejibros we want to put our peepee in that ear
yejibros i finally managed to suck my own p
yejibros there are millions of us
yejibro thread
yejibros is this true?
yejibros even taking Ls in their sleep
heejin/yonhi/yejibros we won
yejibros i have mastered the air guitar
yejibros I had to go to the hospital because i stuck a metal rod too deep in my p
wanna pound a yejibros bum, no protection
yejibros all pact suicided last night
both yejibros and ryujinsissies win
yejibros....
is this guy a yejibro?
why pay $10 for a granny when i can just call up a yejibro and get it for free?
just us yejibros
post your golf, yejibro
yejibros we don't side with wiztrannies
yejibros get in here
yejibros the walls wont shut up
yejibros we drink 16 tallboys every day
yejibros what if kpg was real life
yejibros i just showered for the first time in 3 weeks and big sheets of skin peeled off my legs and clogged the drain..
yejibros who is this
yejibros this is what triggered the great everglow dreamcatcher war
yejibros this ketchy civil war needs to stop
yejibros/yunkymen my morning wood won’t go away heeeeelp
and the yonhisperg who makes early threads and cries when they get deleted? the yunkyonhifags constantly shitflinging? and the guy calling everybody a roastie? or how about the guy always shitting on chimp and eunbi? or the ketchies mimicking dumb yejibro posts?
yejibros were drinking white claws tonight
yejibros who should i falseflag as today
yejibros.jpg
yejibros i woke up pissing again...
yejibros are TOXIC AF
yejibros i just realized it’s the dububrony falseflagging as a yonhi poster to try and make everyone hate her because he is jealous yonhi is a severely upgraded version of dubu
yejibros what is a ratgoblin
yejibros we're leaving
i swear to god ill pistolwhip the next guy who says yejibros
yejibro shartman
lets all legally change our names to yejibro
yejibros we eat like this
yejibros what did we think of this
yejibros im gae
yejibros i am leaving
would you yejibros? be honest
yejibros... i took my meds today
yejibro come to bed. it's late.
where are the yejibros
i love her yejibros
yejibros I feel like we live in a simulation
first group jerk off sessions and then that, wtf is wrong with yejibros?
im seriously gonna shit the bed tonight yejibros
yejibros wtf...
yejibros i finally shit after four days of opiate binging and the strain almost made me pass out
yejibros i just sharted through my pants and into my chair..
alright yejibros
gonna create the yejibro federation in stellaris
good morning yejibros
yejibros i once again pissed on my shorts while practicing peeing while standing
yejibros... take me another moon..
yejibros we just dropped yeji
yejibros i feel like ive failed in life completely
yejibros we have a headache
yejibros how do we explain this...
a direct attack to the yejibros, and they aren't doing anything? another L...
yejibros im listening to fishmans and punching my dick
yejibros: smart -I-------- dumb
good morning yejibros
yejibro...
live the life of a yejibro nigga until the day i die
yejibros we are the only bros here we must kill the other ones
yejibros they are still copying us im gonna fucking kill them
do not answer that question yejibros
yejibros this beer is so tasty
thats exactly what yejibros said and look at them now
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros what are we fapping to today
yejibros its 4am im going to bed
yejibros i did it to yuna...
im going to thank the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros someone webm their fat asses right then
where are the yejibros
yejibros my boypussy is quivering what do i do
yejibros get a load of this guy
yejibros we're here
yejibro, get a new hobby
yejibros im ready for my friday night blast!
big W for yejibros
yejibros how do we explain this??
yejibros what do we lift for?
yejibros...
yejibros she is so cute
yejibros there's a thunderstorm and i'm scared
yejibros i go up
yejibros i gave a chinese girl 100 dollars to play video games with me
yejibros i kissed a girl and i liked it
yejibros i have never kissed a girl before
yejibro...
yejibros what is a dawkins atheist
sometimes yejibros take Ls yunkyfaggots only take Ds
yejibros i am sticking with the 4g iphone i am not taking any chances
yejibros when does covid20 come out
yejibros i'm gonna take a nap
yejibros we must escape from the clutches of yaldabaoth
yejibros we like this
yejibros, how do you deal with all the blood when you poop?
yejibros I tried to circumcize myself and cut my dick off, what do I do?
yejibros I'm tired of being a sound engineer in this club
yejibros what is this garbage
yejibros we are here
Wanna pound a yejibro bum
yejibros this is an unexpected L
yejibros are such honest people
oh dear, yejibros.. or should i say yejincontinents
yejibros arin is too perfect for us
yejibros i've been up and drinking for over 24 hours now and i couldn't have done it without you
yejibros i made on little joke and called ryu sera a loser ONE TIME while giving her money at the same time and now i'm banned from twitch. justice only exists in our heads
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are here
yejibros we arent gay anymore
yejibros what do we use to give our windows a clear, streak free, lint-less shine?
yejibros we imagine a force coming from our testicles and flowing out of our mouth when we speak, creating an extremely alpha deep voice that carries long distances
yejibros our voices are high pitched
based yejibros
for me, it's yejibros
yejibros
yejibros we are precumming
based yejibro
yejibros i soiled myself
yejibros i spilled the cum chalice again..
why do the yejibros mostly post about soiling their pants/incontinence and hallucinations/voices
no you don't yejibro
yejibros i flushed my meds like you recommended
yejibros i pissed all over my denim 2 piece now i'm sleeping in my own vomit in the gutter
yejibro cock
yejibros i sharted in my underwear 2 days ago and the dirty boxers are still laying on the floor right in the entrance of the bathroom...
yejibros you won't believe this but i was flailing my arms around wildly to izone's fiesta and i acidentally knocked the cum chalice over
yejibros i pissed my pants again..
yejibros we are giving this new joji album a listen :)
yejibros i'm 12 tallboys deep and still watching boiler rooms..
no we're aren't you fucking pervert. how dare you call yourself a yejibro. true yejibros are straight edge and have pure minds
yejibros i just answered the door for the deliveryman with a little bit of piss on my shorts and he told me he's going to call me pissypants from now on what do i do should i just move??
yejibros we're loaded and horny
yejibro....
yejibros we are watching!
yejibros kneeling when they arrive
yejibros await the arrival of itzy to music bank recording (2020)
yejibros we did NOT piss the bed
howdy do yejibros
yejibros we agree
yejibros i would
yejibros wtf
yejibros we're buying fake lego from china
yejibros we're watching boiler room sets and laughing at the crowd again
yejibros this is making me depressed
aight time for a yejibrojob?
yejibros what did he mean by this
yejibro, just puke all over the delivery man
yejibros i'm blackout drunk but have to sign for a package
where are the yejibros
yejibros i hate yunapedos so much
yejibros this is our daughterwife
yejibros i'm crushing tins at 8am
yejibros im drinking whisky with pepsi max
yejibros im drinking vodka with diet coke
yejibros i got drunk and spent my rent money on PC parts again
yejibros fear the comb
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros do NOT post the comb
yejibro you are not supposed to say it while posting yeji
lmao yejibros drake is here
yejibros this is NOT true
Not a yejibro but soo cute
yejibros don't read this post
i only read posts that start with yejibros
yejibros somebody just punched a hole in the wall of my internet cafe
yejibros i'm dabbing
yejibros winning
yejibros i'll have an extra large lamb kebab combo. double garlic, double mayo. lettuce, tomato, onion
yejibro I have liver failure
yejibros we drink 14 asahi tallboys every night
yejibros we're playing rollercoaster tycoon 3
yejibros i just spilled the cum chalice
yejibros we need to use the death note to kill L
yejibros we are definitely here
yejibros prefer stoner metal
yejibros we are not cringy
yejibros i need more friends
it's not true, we love yeji and yejibros here
yejibros is this true
yejibros we love buff correll
yejibros my ass cant stop clapping when i walk
yejibros i have dysentery again
yejibros we are heading to the gym!
yejibros a tranny bullied me at the bus stop today
yejibros is this true?
good morning yejibro
dreamroastie is like yejibros. multiple people just shitposting
yejibros we are homosexual
what kind of yejibro are you?
yejibros i'm not a faggot so i'm not listening
yejibros planning for burning man 2021 starts now!
yejibro detected
yejibros planning for burning man 2021 starts now
yejibros post what are you listening to right now!
fuck you yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros i just blasted to jennie
yejibros my eyes hurt
yejibros i'm naked
yejibros im wearing calvin klein womens pajama shorts
another L for yejibros
yejibro no one likes it in here. these are stockholm syndrome schizos
yejibros i dont like it in here
yejibros we were adopted
where are the yejibros
yeji said she's going to hold a lottery to decide who will become her husband. only yejibros can enter the contest btw
yejibros we are here
massive L yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are level 99 president
yejibros I just used a blacklight on my chair and it's glowing thanks to momoland
wet the bed dreaming of yejibros ww@
yejibros there's too much falseflagging in this thread, im getting flashbacks to when I got hallucinations after my dad put me in the basement
yejibros we're overdrawing our credit card to buy beers and making pierogi
you seem to know where a lot of yejibros hangout
yejibros are pure and saving ourselves for marriage
yejibros i wet the bed again..
yejibros we tolerate jennie and her antics
yejibros do we like jennie
any yejibros in
are the yejibros here?
wtf yejibros i'm not bisexual
yejibros my application to get welfare payment got rejected
yejibros we are here
yejibros is yeji really plastic
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
post the latest yejibro timeline please
yejibrozzzzz...
yejibros are secret pedos, yeji resembles a 9 yr old child
takbir yejibros
All the yejibros must be banned or something
yejibros is this true?
there would be no yejibros without a yeji bro
i have to thank yejibros for making me wanna try out not shy again, without them i wouldn't have found out that i actually fuckin like it, both the title track and the whole ep
yejibros please save us
yejibros we are gonna shower tomorrow and want our momy to stop nagging us
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros i missed you
yejibros should we smoke a joint
mentally ill hours and my yejibros aren't even here
not a yejibro but i would but only while it's still warm
yejibros... would you eat her poop?
yejibros we're here
yejibros sometimes I think about going on a killing spree...
yejibros
yejibro...
become a yejibro
haha this is funny yejibros
yejibros so sexy
yejibros how do we salvage those feet
yejibros we just fucking hate everyone
yejibros we want to plant our seed in this woman
yejibros i love the smell of my own fart
yejibros we don't even have proper suits tuxedos
yejibros are we going to his wedding
yejibros we ate an entire box of chips ahoy chewy tenders
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we listen to drake
yejibros would we nibble on these toes?
yejibros i thought we were all rooting for arsenal
yejibros should i post a vocaroo?
yejibros we are NOT women
yejibros we coomed in her drink
love my yejibros
nice catch yejibro
we need yejibros to save this thread
yejibros we just ate a whole bag of nuts
yejibros we are leaving. we are NOT taking part in vocaroo L gate brothers
yejibros, we're drinking grape tang
yejibros do you think it would feel good to stick a stick of celery up my butt
yejibros i'm scared...
yejibros yeji just got bleach on my tshirt
yejibros my balls be itchin
yejibros I got downvoted on reddit and they didn't even say why. I'm slightly pissed
yejibros have already secured QA
yejibros we are here
yejibros what do we think about the microsoft acquisition
expected a yejibro comment and was disappointed
yejibros i can't get challenger
the yejibros
Hmm yes yejibros we agree naturally of course we agree
yejibros is this another L
yejibros what the fuck is this?
yejibros i reek of cum
you know i had to do it to 'em yejibros
yejibros we're using wooden forks
yejibros we want to rawdog olivia
yejibros i want to get drained by yunky
a based yejibro is fucking with the /mu/tants
yejibros i am too sleepy to listen to the new everhoe but the few snippets i've heard sound good
yejibros we did not like the everhoes album
yejibros we are excited for this
yejibros did we like the everglow comeback
yejibros look at this uggo
another L for yejibros
another L for yejibros
yejibros i like this song
another L for yejibros
yejibros we must bow to the mighty ketchdailjungacleddies....
yejibros look at this flat chest
yejibro i think you might be colorblind
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are leaving
uhhhh yejibros...?
yejibros what is the validity of this statement?
beanwiga is so ugly yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros I have an anal fissure
yejibros i just ordered pizza
guitar yejibro knows all the chords
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros what do make of this
yejibros we are esl
yejibros do we like the new pornhub design
based yejibroski
beanwiga is so gross yejibros
yejibros are so talented
yejibros on the storm
yejibros we have darkies among us, try not to panic
yejibros i am from england not the ocean why does he think we are from the sea.
another L for yejibros
yejibros are sea, alright
yejibros are the one constant in a sea of variables
yejibros are not ashamed of their voices.
yejibros?? what the fuck?
yejibros it's shower day
yejibros i just threw up
the yejibros fear the comb
im all greased up yejibros you can come over now
yejibros we never had a father figure.
yejibros we tried hugging our father but he pushed us away calling us a queer
yejibros we are going to make the switch from Vaseline to water based
yejibros we are going to make the switch from beer to cider
true yejibros we are not here.
yejibros that comb woman is back we've got to skedaddle
yejibros we are going to make the switch from coffee to tea carefully and slowly over the course of a few months
every yejibro shares the same comb
you’re a coward yejibro
tell the walls we yejibros do not believe in god nor care what a hypothetical god would think of us
yejibro those are not the walls thats me, were on a discord call yejibro
yejibros the walls are talking again and they’re telling me god is ashamed of me and i need to appease him with souls
is it really a pussy mogging if it's revealed to be big and loose? isn't this a W for yeji and the yejibros?
yejibros we are reading dostoevsky today
yejibros i just bought pear cider
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i am here too
thinking about yejibros
yejibros we are resting
yejibros where are we
for my yejibros
yejibros where are we
yejibros how long until we can reclaim sharkanda
yejibros we need our own website
yejibros the yellow dog deleted our general again
yejibros are not cowards
yejibros we need you here
noooooo yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros yeji is NOT a whore
based yejibros and slugchad gangbanging the seething sluganti
Why are other fandoms appropriating the discourse of us yejibros
yejibros we are in prison for being illegally blind
90% of yejibros admit to liking Yuna more than Yeji
yejibros he was almost being able to control himself for once in his pathetic life but slugchad broke him with a single post
oh no no no look what this dude posted yejibros
yejibro i think it worked lmao
if i wasn't a yejibro already i'd totally waifu her
very cute slug yejibro, have another
yejibros i'm going to post a slug just to make him seethe again
he's so adorable yejibro
yejibros check out this dude's underage showing lmao
yejibros i think i broke the miracletranny
yejibros i did it a third time, look how cute he is when he's seething
lmao that'd be hilarious yejibro
yejibros imagine if all omg posts were immediately deleted
yejibros i think i did it again
yejibros i think i penetrated a miracle
yejibros i took a 4 hour nap now its 3 am and im not tired
yejibros collecting Ls again
i wish kpg had a couple of insane billionaires around. imagine one day someone buys an ad on time square that just says "another L for yejibros" or something like that.
yejibros imagine sucking up to the cripple... that’s rock bottom
yejibros i think i might be gay....
I don't like yejibros larping wacky antics, you don't see me hating on anyone
another major L for yejibros
yejibros we hate this uggo
yejibros i am no longer a yejibro
goog evening yejibros
goodnight yejibros
good evening yejibros
we have evidence that yejibros are not just one person
yejibros we did not like this thread
yejibros we are here
oh nooooooo yejibros
yejibros as a budding alcoholic what's the some cheap booze I can get
yejibros we don't agree with this
not him but im saving myself up for a yejibro
yejibros you know I had to do it to em
yejibros... the noose.
yejibros we won the battle vs the basedjacks
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros i am petting my cat
good evening yejibros
yejibros i just stepped on a worm
yejibros Mr. T ate my bubble tea balls
yejibro just walk in with your cock out and start hollering, they will all leave and no one will be left in the store to judge you
yejibros took a big L against the cartoon weeb shark
yejibro try getting it delivered or mobile ordering and picking it up with a hoodie mask and sunglasses
yejibros i want to get boba tea but I am afraid all of the asian people at the store will make fun of me
yejibros, life sucks, dont listen to the other guy
yejibrothers we are not worthy of this beautiful thing called life
based yejibro
yejibros remember the soijack version of this image
uhhh yejibros?
us yejibros rely more on personality than size
the yejibro thread is better than this brothers
we got too cocky yejibros
just I yejibro
yejibros are a hivemind sharing the same two braincells
we are yejibro
yejibros please save us
I fucking knew all yejibros got insane amounts of pussy
yejibros I'm watching ufc
yejibros what in god’s name is a niqab
yejibros i wish to be a samurai
yejibros we're learning
yejibros im gonna bleed in the club
based yejibro
yejibros we're going to the nail salon with the dragonsisters
yejibros i am cooming
yejibros we are going nuclear
yejibros don't do that abnormal practices
want a yejibro to dominate me, choke me and slap me
not yejibros
make it a thread for my yejibros
no that's the yejibros
yejibros I just want a cute korean girl to love
yejibro I am very depressed today and have no other outlet for my negative emotions
yejibros it's barely 5 why don't we slow down on the soju
yejibros we're drinking vodka with lemon
me and my 9 yejibros
yejibros, we quotey?
yejibros we think the new skz album is based
except for me, the last yejibro
All the yejibros are dead....
very true we yejibros agree
yejibros we wanna fuck ryujin
yejibros...
yejibros look at these disgusting mutilated cocks
seunghee's a yejibro
can someone put yejibro on this in nice writing
another L for yejibros
looks like yejibros took the biggest L in recent times
Damn yejibros my chest kinda hurts. Lemme just lie down for a sec...
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
-jannies delete /yeji/, yejibros seek asylum in /kpg/
-48 yejibros will die in their sleep 48 (we are here)
yejibros our queen will protect us
yejibros im sleepy...
i wrote the yejibro timeline on the last page of my exercise book and the teacher found it and now my parents have to come to school for a meeting
yejibros we'll be safe, don't worry
the biggest and final L for yejibros rip
goodnight yejibros ;_;
yejibros we are making more coffee
spooky. looks like yejibros will be taking the final L
goodnight yejibros
yejibros will die in their sleep
yejibros not again
the yejibros told me yeji was au naturale
yejibros junji is on the stage
yejibros are like the rorschach gang from the hbo series watchmen
yeah meanwhile yejibros are ruining yeji for me, i never wanna post her with those retards around
yejibros the jannies are going too far
it already exists yejibro
yejibros we are starting to tear up
yejibros im going to go empty my testicles to rosie
yejibros im tired im going to sleep good night
#ruthkanda forever yejibros
yejibros we are mentally dead we are desperate for an ending. this hurts
yejibro, i don't blame you
yejibros i just blasted to yuna
yejibros i want to kiss wony
yejibros i spatt out my pepsi copla in my keybnaord
eeeeeewwwww yejibros this is gross
yejibros i'm watching everyone loves raymond with my mom and it's the episode where robert writes the ticket for his dad
yejibros our sleep schedule is still fucked
i heard yejibros are celibates
yejibros im back on the toilet
yejibro you should wear a dog collar
yejibros my case of dermatophagia is so bad my fingers are all bloody
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibro...
yejibros can we do this with yeji
yejibros, are we going to make it a yeji thread?
why is this a thing yejibros? why me? why not all the other motherfuckers? they are off-topic as well
this is unfair, a conspiracy against yejibros to make it look like we are just one mentally ill guy, and everyone knows that is not true. even if there are people who impersonates as yejiros and make stupid posts you know real yejibros are just normal guys
to be recognized? burn in hell you sack of trash motherfuckers fake yejibros
you ok yejibro?
yejibros?
yejibros?!!?
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros i love you
Turns out soijakers are more mentally ill than the yejibros.
yejibros what are we going to do about this
good evening yejibros
good morning yejibros
there is a yejibro among us
a yejibrother already made a thread brother
yejibros my feet smell like salty coins
yejibros i have some peanut butter...
yejibros we are here
what happened to the yejibros
yejibros my tummy aches
yejibros where is our qa thread?
docking with my yejibros
is this the mirror world yejibros
hello yejibros :D
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are leaving to the mirror world where there are no tranny jannies
yejibros your sound is a dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby dibby sound
yejibros where am i
yejibros we are here
yejibros where did all these jamaicans come from
yejibros look at this tranny shit
We yejibros run mu we can't leave
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we don't want to post on mu anymore
yejibros we are torrenting the new The Boys episode
yejibros im NOT going to shit my pants again tonight
yejibros i need to poop but i have to leave for work in 5 minutes
yejibros we're leaving... he's here....
yejibro lets make out under the sheets
yejibros he followed us here...
yejibros take another L
yejibros we need a place to call home
a shameful yejibro
yejibros i love jav
wait what happened to our fellow yejibros do they need our help
yejibros when can we have our own thread again?
good morning yejibros
yejibros is this yeji
yejibros we are here
yejibros i cut myself with the safety razor again, not very sage...
What was kpg's first reaction when this cam out? Were there any original yejibros from her the fan appearance? Anyone have the archive link
yejibros this is the thread
yejibros we need to take sharkanda, and push it somewhere else
yejibros can't nobody tell me nothin'
yejibros we are here
nooooo yejibros im trapped in the comb dimension nooooo
this is a yejibro
yejibros the new fromis song isn't that good
yejibros is yeji cute?
good morning yejibros
yejibros are we working out today?
I fucking hate yejibros larp, In wish they would just stop
yejibros i feel like screaming
wtf is wrong with yejibros youre supposed to make your waifu look good
yejibros... what happened to her nose?
yejibros i poopied msyelf XD
where are the yejibros
yejibros, i did it. i beat boomer kuwanger
yejibros did we cop a 3080?
yejibros we are here
yejibros we drink morning coffee to help with a nice shit
yejibros we look quite cool and handsome with our new haircut
yejibros i dont actually listen to kpop
yejibros it's a day of mourning
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros we are waiting for the alarm to wake us up from this nightmare
docking with my yejibros
yejibros can we be shirts i am embarrassed to take off my shirt brother
i just dont want to see my yejibros go down a bad path
yejibros took another W
yejibros i finally got a match on tinder but lost my nerve and deleted my account when she messaged me
yejibros how many Ls can we endure?
yejibros i wish she'd stop showing her gross feet
yejibros... where did sharkanda go...
yejibros im trying to shit
yejibros i miss my dog
good night yejibros
yejibros i WILL quit vaping...
yejibros make your bed every morning
yejibros, time to sleep
yejibros what are we most excited for
yejibros we want to fuck this girl
yejibros im listening to a scary song and it’s dark in my room
yejibros what is a cumpuppet
catastrophic Ls for yejibros today
yejibros she didn't expose her tits
any yejibros wanna coom together
yejibros sera loooks kinda cute tonight
yejibros what do we think of these
she's coming for us yejibros i just know it
yejibros we want to take off this lewd dress
yejibros we dont know who eminem is
my names yejibro and im here to say
yejibros i have a migraine
mc yejibro please save us
yejibros she's beautiful
crazy how almost every yejibro is actually an 83 year old black woman
yejibros we're fasting until we have visible abs
yejibros her tits are almost out
yejibros i ate too much pizza and cake today i need to lay down
this is the real yejibro timeline
yejibros is it gay to love taemin
yejibros fear the 48
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
this is the real yejibro timeline
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
where did the first yejibros come up from?
yejibros have always been one of the most persecuted demographics worldwide
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-jannies delete /yeji/, yejibros seek asylum in /kpg/ (we are here)
i like yejibros and love yeji
it's not even a real shark yejibro do not fall for his lies
yejibros we got deleted from /qa/
can I be a yejibro if i'm black yejibros
yejibros she's cute
yejibros i fear reincarnation i just want to die forever
yejibros i want to be reincarnated as yejis slippers
yejibros how to get into hololive?
good effort yejibro
yejibros i hate all of you
yejibros we are waiting for lingerin
yejibros look at this meat
yejibros i would let hyunjin fuck my ass raw
yejibros this thread is early
i love my yejibros
yejibros we are only gay for pay
huge L for yejibros
yejibros the thought of lisa with a penis is turning me on more than i'm comfortable with
yejibros i saw shuhuas armpits and got turned on
yejibros when is this bitch taking her clothes off?
yejibros we're watching forged in fire rn
yejibros i understand this joke
yejibros i'm going for a poo
yejibros we are here
paraca yejibros...
yejibros i shitted green
yejibros..
yunadaddies>dragoncoomers>yejibros>juliachads>squidbros...
yejibros we're buying these glasses
yejibros im still downloading the windows 10 iso image
yejibro is this for console only?
yejibros i am downloading the new cod alpha
any yejibros in
yejibros im eating pizza
nooooo yejibro, no les digaaassss
what's going on in your thread yejibro?
lo que callamos los yejibros
yejibros im scared again
yejibros this guy speaks arabic or persian or hebrew
yejibros what the fuck is this
oh yes i love it yejibro
sorry yejibro i will stop
yejibro, we don't do that here
yejibro suck my fucking dick
yejibros let's stream not shy and hug a tree
yejibros i'm going to hunt one of you down and eat you
yejibro my cousin began to scream after taking some shrooms, my uncles hate me now
yejibros I shouldn't have taken those shrooms
yejibros life is but a road to death
yejibros this aveeno clean is healing the fissures on my hands nicely
yejibros we disowned
yejibros what is a patronus it sounds like a roman tequila
yejibros my patronus is a hound
yejibro will there be merula mods?
yejibro is it coming out on pc?
yejibros we're preordering hogwarts legacy
yejibros we're here
yejibros i have a plan
yejibros we are here
bismillah yejibros
yejibros how do you say yeji in italian
yejibros she's stunning
yejibrozzzzz...
yejibros tell me why
yejibros why is abba so good
yejibros, we need a final solution to the (you)farmers problem
yejibros I thought we agreed to keep this a secret
yejibro...
yejibros are trendsetters
hi yejibros
Based ty yejibro much respect
just us yejibros
The yejibros have come to like squid
yejibro...
yejibros
all yejibros are secretly squidlings
yejibros, wizchads, oncecels, blinkstinks
yejibros we're akgaes
yejibros i think im in love with myself
yejibros just went to a job interview. I sperged a little but I think I have a chance.
yejibros i just fapped to this
yejibros we're 2
happy birthday yejibro
yejibros I don't want to be a kek
uhhh yejibros...
good morning yejibros
yejibros these are lower case Ls
yejibros we are here
word yejibro
yejibros i'm bunnyblasting
yejibros i am in pain
yejibros i love nayeon so much
when I was out drinking the other day I called my friends yejibros. this is not a joke i need help
yejibros i literally cant post without meming
yejibros is he making fun of us
yejibros my eartips came in so my chi-fi iems are now usable
yejibros i shut my laptop and accidentally caught my cock in it and now it hurts
yejibros we would tap that
yejibros look good with a combover
the yejibros fear the comb
yejibros... my comb that i show up my asshole is gone
us yejibros had a field day last night about it, we kept getting 48 as our last digits while posting relating to the video
/yejibros/i
yejibros im addicted to masturbation and caffeine
calm down yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros i am having sexual thoughts
yejibros i have a boner
Oh yeah yejibros us yunkymen have had it up to here with your HOTDOGGING and GRANDSTANDING yeah!
yejibros take another L
yejibros are the cream of the crop
yejibros im craving for a salad
he's a yejibro, brother
yejibro...
Why did they make her look so lewd here? Are we okay with this, yejibros?
yejibros my head is full of crimes
ever since I became a yejibro, I legitimately can't stop sharting. I wish I was making this up but it's become really inconvenient.
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros its over...
yejibros we're watching tytykiller
what happened yejibros
yejibros we are crying
your entire existence is an L yejibro
it's spectacular how many Ls yejibros take in their own thread
yejibros we are having very degenerate thoughts
yejibro....
yejibros will always be stupid but the dedication is based
yejibros are good fellas in my book
breaking news from the yejibros
yejibros i love her
yejibros look at this hottie
yejibro we grow pictures on our wall using stencils and liquified moss
yejibros do we frame our posters or do we use some good old fashioned double sided tape?
what's the current topic of conversation on kpg yejibros
but where are the yejibros?
yejibros i just made my robot vacuum suck my penis but it didn't feel very good
yejibros how do we defend this
i think the "yejibros..." poster is more mentally ill than the actual yeji posters
yejibros we are slaves to our hypothalamus
yejibro here
yejibros are supporting ryujinsissy transition
based high test yejibro
yejibros wtf is that thing
the yejibros fear the comb
hello yejibro, i deathgripped too hard and cant feel my d anymore
oh shit oh fuck yejibros what are we doing to do?
is this cannon yejibros?
hello yejibros
I don't know yejibro but they make me cry
yejibros this bass line is epic
yejibros i'm scared
wtf yejibros i just shit banana all over my $600 gaming chair
no what does the video/story have to do with yejibros
yejibros we're in the er getting the comb removed from our colon
yejibros you said to put the banana in my bum and now i cant get it out
yejibros i stuck a comb up my ass earlier and its no longer there
yejibros i'm going to remove all mirrors from my home and throw them to the curb
yejibros i was looking at myself in the mirror in the bathroom and said "yeji" 48 times
yejibros its almost 5 am
yejibros the yejijets just flew over my house
turning the yejibros into an idol security company and working as personal security for itzy but we only protect yeji
yejibros the dogs are in the enclosed pool area
yejibros my credit card number is
yejibros my ass is bleeding
yejibros i can't breathe
yejibros i am not a bong
yejibros nothing happe
48gate is scaring the shit out of me yejibros
yejibros what's wrong with this guy's html
it is yejibro
yejibros how're we holding up
yejibros...
yejibros I don't feel so good
yejibros...
yejibros, I have a banana and a condom
yejibros we are here:
yejibros are finally going to get psychiatric help
yejibros i will miss posting here with you
yejibros I do not want to die a virgin
yejibros lets laugh at this loser
yejibros i can hear them coming up my staircase
yejibros they got him...
yejibros
yejibros 10 more minutes
yejibros i just stuck my comb up my ass
yejibros lets make sfm porn using this model
chillin with my yejibros
yejibros how are you spending your last 18 minutes on earth?
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out
-mc yejibro spits hot bars at oncels for a quick W
yejibros thank you for the 10 tier 2 subscriptions.
yejibros its me, yejibro
yejibros i looked at this too long and she blinked and said my name out loud
yejibros undertale is too hard so im gonna get a trainer
yejibro, I got the lube
yejibros its finally july
yejibros someone is shining a flashlight into my windows
yejibros its 4:22 AM
yejibros we .
yejibros i shitted my pants
yejibros yesterday we were tough rappers but today we are scared little girls what happened brothers
are you still with us yejibro
yejibros a mysterious white comb just appeared on my sink
yejibro we dont have hair
FUCK i just heard somebody climb up the balcony yejibros
yejibros i will never comb my hair again
yejibros please hold me
no spooky stuff in this one yejibros
yejibros im scared
yejibros i forgot to open up the chimney and am currently dying form carbon monoxide poisoning
yejibros we are throwing away our combs right now
if you play the video backwards it sounds like she's saying yejibros took a major L
yejibros we are buffering
too scary yejibros I sharted my pants
yejibros sweet chili sauce does NOT go well with butter chicken samosas
yejibros on numbers alone but we will show mercy when you surrender
yejibro lets make out. ill put on lipstick
yejibros don't shave your ass hairs
yejibro wanna come over and we both pretend to be yeji and make out?
I wonder how many people got into itzy/yeji because of the yejibro spergs
yejibros and the beanstalk
I claim yeji, but yejibros we're all 1 entity so sall good
honey I shrunk the yejibros
yejibros i dont want to live on this plant anymore
yejibros....
yejibros i cannot stop pooping
yejibros, are we boycotting facebook and instagram?
yejibro...
yejibros we prefer biggie to tupac
yejibros im tired of this general for today goodnight
yejibros we are here
good morning yejibros
yejibros we are dilating
yejibros we are staying
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i just had sex, im writing my formal sex report for my parents know
yejibros we have formed a criminal organization
yejibros i only have 2 more months of government paychecks left
yejibros they just napalmed the village where i befriended those 3 vietnamese kids
yejibros where are we
yejibros were getting a ps5 for demons souls
what is the truth about yejibros... ?
yejibros the bag just came in and gave me a concussion
yejibros time is fleeting and so are we
yejibros i ain't no fortunate son
yejibros we just did 100mg of ket in 1 line and it burns
yejibros we refuse to lose to the vietcong army
yejibros we took a lot of L's in vietnam
yejibro i have never lost once in my life
yejibros we lost a lot of limbs in da nang
yejibros I am an alcoholic
yejibros drinking is haram
yejibros we are using our thinkpad to play war thunder
yejibros just got my first fall guys W
wtf yejibro I am also drunk
yejibros we are buying the new xbox
yejibros we're laughing at snoyfags
yejibrothers im drunk
yejibrooooooooooooooooooooooooos
yejibros how do we deal with
yejibros watch this it's funny
yejibros i feel naughty
yejibros i forgot to say bismillah before eating
yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros are we shitposting snoy memes during the ps5 reveal?
yejibros, we're not like this right?
yejibros check kanye's twitter
yejibros
yejibros dlss 2.0 is a game changer
yejibros im pregnant
yejibros im pregnant
yejibros i feel ants crawling on me but there is no ants
yejibros we liked the new fromis
yejibros good morning
yejibros we are watching rtx 3080 reviews
yejibros i just sharted
yejibros when you see it...
I should have become a yejibro sooner
yejibros how do we cope
yejibros is the worst meme of 2020, quit that shit
This particular yejibro does. Yejibros, we are not a monolith
yejibros we do not like penises
yejibros they're hiding in the corners again
yejibros my inner monologue is saying bad things again
yejibrother you unironically have schizophrenia. Normally I would say seek help but I don't know if where you live they're just going to institutionalize you
yejibros i feel paranoid that i'm saying things out loud whenever i'm thinking deeply about something. a couple of times recently my mom thought i was saying something to her when i actually wasn't. both times i was talking to myself in my head. is this because of the meds?
yejibros I like female body part that isn't traditionally considered sexy. aren't I wacky.
i scream no whenever yejibros take an L
yejibros we are picking new hobbies but dropping them as soon as they become difficult
ketchybros we are leaving (actually a yejibro i am trying to make them leave)
yejibros i want olives on my 'za
yejibros we are digesting
yejibros we're making a pizza
yejibros remember to wash your face every day and use deodorant BEFORE you sweat.
you can't spell W without yejibros
yejibros where did he go...
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are watching the yunkymen and yonhibronies duke it out
mfw i get head from a yejibro
yejibros, we're drinking homemade gatorade
yejibros we're here
yejibros this is crazy
yejibros we are not gay anymore
yejibros we need backup
yejibros yunky brutally mogs yonhi
yejibro patient zero...
mark my words the yejibros are about to take a huge L
why do yejibros have such good taste in norwegian musicians
yejibros we are here
this motherfucker fake yejibro just called me an impostor for not giving a shit about ludwigashitters
remove beanwiga and that fake yejibro
hey yejibros are kinda cool
your yejibro card has just been revoked
yejibros we protect liafriends
i’d kiss my yejibro
i think about my yejibros at work all the time
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are NOT stupid!!!!!!!!
yejibros i really like the new stray kids song
yejibros do the meds really work?
guess i'm not the only yejibro that thought about what they were going to tell yejibros later after work today
yejibros we are not c**l ranch memers. we are original flavor chads
yejibros i only drink water
yejibros i just found out about the demiurge...
docking with my yejibros
yejibros i just blasted to yonhi
yejibros I just gobbled 2 bags of dorritos and a large bottle of cola
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
i miss the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros rosie makes me hard
yejibros we want to kiss this girl
yejibros we just vomitted
yejibros we are crying
yejibros my dad doesn't love me
A yejibro would never delete a thread like a slugdegenerate
yejibros when a thread gets deleted it gives me anxiety
yejibros where did the other thread go?
yes brother we yejibros all have masters in chemical thermo metaphysics how can we help
any yejibros can help me with my physics hw? or do I have to go to /sci/ and get banned?
yejibros imagine yeji doing this
yejibros we are all yejis today
your yejibrother may not always be right
but he's always your yejibrother
yejibros who is this girl
yejibros i'm going to f*ck a chubby jap hapa weeb girl...
yejibros, don't take that weak ass bait
thank you for that W mc yejibro we needed it
yejibros we are spitroasting yeji
yejibros we are fly mcs
yejibros are the coolest...
yejibros are so cool...
yejibros got bars wtf
yejibros i'm gonna be a threadmaker!
yejibros there is a very funny post on /r/relationship_advice
yejibros I
yejibros where is the kpop mod for ck3?
yejibros we are here
look like yejibros are the most normal people here
yejibros what the fuck is a crystal cafe
apparently tinny and yejibro went there and got banned after a few minutes
yejibros we are here
how we do yejibros
yejibros we are listening to the doppest
yejibros dont like itzy
yejibros we are posting nayeon
yejibros im hard
another major L for yejibros
yejibros...
nooooooo yejibros this hits too close to home
yejibros...
yejibros what does defenestrate mean
yejibros are we just going to let her threaten yeji like this
yejibros i want to have sex
yejibros our thread on /qa/ is a disaster
JYP is a yejibro
did you guys know wony is a yejibro
yejibros we don't like eebu
yejibros do we like yves here?
based, would let every yejibro hit it from the back
yejibros are all 6'6 230lbs shredded with a 7incher
yejibros 7 inches is the bare minimum acceptable
yejibro I do not believe in jesus may I pray to yeji instead
yejibros meditation is pagan witchcraft pray to jesus instead
yejibros the most important thing to work on is your own mental state. remember to meditate for 6 hours a day.
yejibros I am starting to become worried about my wrinkles
yejibros we are glorified in the father and forgiven in the son
yejibros i went up but i cant come down
I am pleased to announce that all yejibros agree
yejibros argentina is taunting us again
any yejibros in?
yejibros is this true?
yejibro i only watch basketball
yejibros this guy does not watch soccer
yejibros argentina is mocking us
yejibros i think they can tell when i samefag on that bant place
yejibros i think one of us is a br*zilli*n
yejibros we cant post in places with id's
yejibros bant kpg is stupid
yejibros that bant place is very boring
yejibros i'm dropping yeji
yejibros we are moving to canada
yejibros we are leaving our countries for sharkanda
yejibros we are moving to argentina
yejibros.... i don't like brazil
yejibros our country flags are but i wanted to have a sharkanda flag
yejibros i also like monday too as well
yejibros it is just anotehr manic monday
mondaybros we're also yejibros now
yejibros we think monday is freaking beautiful
according to a sample size of two, all yejibros are either from the US or UK
yejibros we are NOT mentally ill
yejibros we like dreamcatcher now
yejibros is this true?
yejibros i was a simple farmer but i got conscripted what do i do
yejibros we are but simple farmers we do not fight
yejibros i am playing spyro 3
we as yejibros fully support this and we are saying loud and clear that this is very true
yejibros we're listening to cheesy hardstyle and watching fancams in the dark
yejibros we're celebrating
yejibros, what asmr do we listen to before bed?
every month is pride month when you're a yejibro
yejibros are overweight
what’s the drama with the yeonhee poster this time and are yunkymen and or yejibros involved at all?
yejibros this is really good
Why do yejibros have the most abhorrent taste for music
yejibros we’ve gotten the information so we are collapsing this reality now
yejibros i just fapped to this
yejibro clench your butthole i will go get the funnel
yejibros I can't stop farting
yejibros what did we think of this
yejibros we are contemplating our next course of action
yejibros i am drinking passionfruit mountain dew
yejibros are we just going to let him do this to us
yejibros im jew
yejibro I swear to god if you samefag again
Were all alcoholics here yejibro.
yejibros, hwasuggo spammer, chimpfaggot really shat up their thread
3 of our worst posters got trapped there after we left. Initially it was like 10 or so (you can never tell with yejibros.)
yejibros i have a headache from reading all the cringe posted in the past few threads im going to sleep.
yejibros im on a post coom buzz right now
yejibros yejibros where are we yejibros it's dark
yejibros i want to simp for this crystal qt...
yejibros where are we
yejibros... her esl ruined my immersion
yejibros a spidermother had its brood in my apartment they are everywhere
yejibros we are here
yejibros whats yejis real name
yejibros my asshole is itching
go outside and shit in the grass like nature intended yejibro
yejibros i need to shit what should i do
qrd on the yejibro v. yunkyshitter rivalry?
yejibros I've been unfaithful
yejibros why dont the yunapedos want to associate with us
yejibros i want to check that one yejibros balls with my mouth
yejibros why do the yunadaddies pretend they dont know us
yejibro stop punching your balls while fapping
yejibros our stools are healthy
yejibros they keep losing
yejibros they keep talking
another L for yejibros
yejibros look at this tranny
i think she's really cute but some rude yejibros are going to call her names
you must turn in your yejibro badge immediately and leave ex-brother
yejibros i love juLia
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros look at this uggo
same yejibro
how much do i have to pay to fuck a yejibro
yejibros we want mac and cheese
yejibros we are NOT weebs
yejibros we are memorizing hiragana
yejibros is god real
yejibro whats it like when you die
yejibro...
yejibros just strike a pose there's nothing to it
yejibros we are here
yejibros i think yeji would vote libertarian
thank you, yejibro
yejibros we don't own shit
yejibros this is cool
this but only important lives throughout history like buddha, socrates, jesus, yejibros etc
yejibros we have to leave now
yejibros hold this
because retards calling themselves yejibros got banned from /mu/ for spamming so now they're spamming /qa/
yejibros why is /qa/ making fun of us?
that being said id fuck a yejibro in his ass right now im fucking horny
yejibros wtf
yejibros we like both squids now
Ryujin's going up my list for that. Anything to spite the yejibros
yejibros my friends discovered my jane austen novels. how do i get out of this?
yejibros we're playing shadowlands
yejibros... It's time.
yejibros we are here
yejibros im back from the shop
yejibros we're going shopping
he's so gross yejibros why hasn't he bean removed yet
writing a sociology paper, maybe on yejibros. wish me luck
yejibros my boyfriend left me
yejibros yeji is so cute...
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're blasting to dragon fancams
yejibros i just got a nosebleed
i'm a yejibro but yuna is my waifu
don't let the other yejibros know
yejibros we're making a jeongyeon thread
yejibro...
yejibros i feel weird
yejibros can't sleep without their goodnight kiss...
yejibro im hard... do you want to touch it
yejibros let's sleep now
you yejibros get the rope first
yejibros im constipated
yejibros aint nobody bring us down down down down
yejibros what’s wrong with her face
yejibros are we just going to let him insult us like this
based yejibro
we yejibros like this album a lot
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros slark built silver edge vs pl
kpg meetup with all the yonhibros, yunkybros, yejibros, and of course the ryujinsissy
yejibros... i tire...
nice try yejibro
yejibros what is this
yejibros i'm a philosopher
yejibros what did friedrich mean by this
yejibros we are here
yejibros why are not as cool as yonhibros
yejibros... deirikuon is chinese...
yejibros we dont speak in tongues anymore
yejibros we're handsome dashing rogues
I heard yejibros have skintags
yejibros plucking their pit hairs
yejibros im thinking about shaving my legs
yejibros are an international conspiracy
looks like a yejibro
yejibros i am going to vomit
why did slug draw a mexican? is she an admirer of yejibros?
yejibros it happened again........
yejibros we are thinking of starting a backpack collection
yejibros my feet are cold but i refuse to put on socks
yejibros are hairless where it counts (their heads)
yejibros i am thoroughly hairy
yejibros this is one of our favorite Simpsons episode
yejibro...
yejibros i'm not white......
yejibros i think 2pac was a yejibro
finally a W for the yejibros
I don't like to admit it but black yejibro lives matter... I mean kinda...
yejibros i had a dream sulli and hara were sucking my dick
yejibros, do black lives matter?
yejibro the man always tryna hold us down
yejibros why is bestiality illegal?
yejibros we are watching zorro the gay blade
yejibros I had a dream that two siblings who I was friends with in the past died horribly and mangledly and I am too afraid to check on them now
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are practicing our terrible korean skills on the streets of seoul and getting arrested for asking a teenager inappropriate things by accident
what the fuck is a milkman yejibros???
i only click music that yejibros post
yejibros there's 8 litres of milk in my fridge that went out of date 4 months ago...
Even I felt embarrassed and I'm a yejibro
don't worry yejibro we all graduate some day
yejibros a new build of youtube-dl is available
yejibros I had to get superglue to fix the crack in the wrist and shock oil to loosen the joints
yejibros how do we feel about rum raisin
yejibros I am going to vomit to make room for more food and booze
I fed all my medications to the neighbours cat yejibro
yejibros we feel a lot better after we stopped taking our medications
yejibros who is this sexy filipino
yejibros my internet is really slow right now
yejibros my fish is depressed
yejibros my parents are having sex
yejibros i'm going to give in to my base desires and fuck a chubby little viet girl
yejibro...
yejibro
yejibros my ass is bleeding i wiped too hard
yejibros we are ink free right brothers
yejibros we do not want to look at pictures of nayeon in any context
yejibro here and i concur
yejibros i'm listening to linkin park and drowning pool
yejibros i hurt myself today
yejibros our doctor says we suffer from delusional psychosis
yejibros there are many people smarter than us
yejibros we are hiding in the refrigerator
yejibros we like this woman
I'm the only real yejibro here
why is kpg so obsessed with us yejibros?
yejibros this is an indecipherable post
yejibros we don't discuss early because we were written in the creation myths of the time
yejibros i have a boner
yejibrothers get hard very easily
yejibros if i impregnate lia can i have her parents money?
do yejibros find ludwiga attractive
yejibros are clowns
we did it yejibros!
yejibros what do we think
what if the greatest discovery of our time was found by the yejibros?
it would make sense because us yejibros are original and open to new ideas
yejibros i accidentally watched a yeji d**pfake...
yejibros we are thinking about ginger yeji
yejibros i don't wanna be me anymore, i wanna be yeji
yejibros my love is platonic, for now
yejibros i love you sexually
yejibros our mom was a whore
are yejibros clean shaven lads or beardly fellows
yejibros I saw her without makeup, idk anymore
yejibros i have nothing to post
yejibros are funny
yejibros i need a good Yeji general OP picture
yejibrooooooooooooooos
yejibros where are we
yejibros what's PDA
we're celebrating yejibros successful gender reassignment surgery
yejibros its almost 6am
yejibros my power just surged and my computer wouldn't turn on for 20 minutes
finally a W for yejibros
yejibros i have a headache from holding my breath earlier
i'm a yejibro but i don't like itzy or yeji that much
my favourite itzy is yeji but im not a yejibro
yejibro the best way to clean cum off suede is to not jizz on it in the first place
yejibros how do i get semen stains out of suede
why is it that yunadaddies keep taking W's and yejibros keep taking big L's?
yejibros i'm summoning satan
lets fuck yejibro
yejibros i just got home
Good job yejibro
yejibros i just held my breathe for 1 minute and 45 seconds
yejibros i've never drank in my life
yejibros we are posting too much
yejibros we are taking a trip down a memory lane and listening to Pagan Altar
yejibros we're drinking vodka lime and lemonade in a can that we got for very cheap at a store earlier today
yejibros i'm a legitimate alcoholic i piss brown vinegar and my lower back is always sore...
yejibros cerave is sold out literally everywhere
just like every yejibro should
yejibros im drinking whiskey tonight
yejibros we're leaving
another L for yejibros
uh oh yejibros, i don't remember if i took the pills this morning
yejibros this guy sounds gay lol
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros if we don't stop (You) farmer will start bullying us instead of chuggo
yejibro have you considered buying flour in bulk
yejibro her name is etna from disgaea series
yejibros im out of milk
yejibros I'm all out of flour again why does this keep happening to me
yejibros im peeing red
yejibros the red haired anime girl with the devil wings in the 4chan banner is hot
another L for yejibros
yejibro what help can i get
yejibros we are becoming yunadaddies
yejibro we did not sniff that girls panties we did not
yejibro get help
yejibros i can't stop thinking about yeji's feet
they migrated to another website. big exodus yesterday. (You) farmer was on a rampage, yejibros were laughing their asses off, wiznigs were bullying cub posters, etc
yejibros im a creep
yejibros reactor 3 is reporting an imminent meltdown
yejibros we're hanging out in the playground
yejibros the wall goblin is screeching again, the neighbors will spray pesticide if he doesn't stop
yejibros im starting to think yeji isn't that pretty
yejibros who's our parents
yejibros i want to sit on lisas dick
don't shove it in my face yejibro...
yejibro i feel like this some days but not other days
yejibros i'm lactating
yejibros i am not like this brother at all
yejibros i am perfectly happy with my situation in life and quite enjoy living day through day.
yejibros we are content
yejibros i came so hard this morning my nutbladder still hurts
hello brother how did you know im a yejibro?
hello yejibro how are you
yejibro my weekly HW is due in 3 hours and I haven't started
lay in my arms yejibro i'll rock you to bed
yejibros i'm tired
yejibros it is okay to cry
yejibros is this true
yejibros just took another L
yejibros we're watching fancams on mute, listening to acid house and waiting for the mushroom tea to kick in
yejibros I am going toplane
yejibros we rule these streets
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros it's pronounced yay-gee
yejibros we are growing a dicot
yejibros we are going to epcot
yejibros we're here
yejibros we suffer from phimosis and trouble urinating
yejibros we are not circumcised
yejibros what if kpg was real life
very epic with nice shape,he might be a yejibro
yejibros what did we think of chris evans' cock
yejibros, we yejibros we a-a-a-auh yejiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
hello yejibros im eating fried eggs now
yejibros, I'm afraid of ticks
yejibros who do we main
yejibros don't go to /b/
yejibros we are dirty pop
yejibros chingu chongu wercome to da lice feel madafukka
yejibros they are trying to put a long stick in our noses
yejibros lets normalize incest
yejibros the voices...
yejibros i've noticed yeji nostrils looks kinda strange...
i only post on kpg and the yejibro generals loonabro
yejibros how can weeekly top tag me and hello
yejibros i'm peaking
yejibros taking a lot of Ls right now
yejibros let me rub lotion on your backs
yejibros what is the meaning of this
yejibros im starting to think yeji has no ass
another big L for yejibros
yejibros we're listening to oliver koletzki
yejibros what is unix time
yejibros I'm eating lasagna
yejibros im eating churos
yejibros we only listen to real emo
are you alright yejibro?
yejibros we are actually here
yejibros we're here
retard yejibro
yejibros i cant stop burping
yejibros my boyfriend is coming over tonight
where have all the yejibros gone?
yejibros where am i
good morning yejibros
good morning yejibros
hey yejibro, pass the bottle, i gotta take a piss
yejibros i love the smell of my own fart
yejibros is this yeoreum or soodam
yejibros why is squid so disgusting
yejibros i am so triggered right now that i filtered everything
yejibros is this true
luv yejibros
yejibros did nothing wrong
everyone loves yejibros
i don't know who is fighting who between the yonhishitter and the yunkyman and the dreamroastie and the yejibros and whoever else
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros <3
yejibros more like gaybros
yejibros we are watching cells at work
yejibros i pulled my pants down as you advised and it started to smell like week old yeast left in the counter during summer
yejibros my balls feel hot should i pull my pants down and air it out?
any yejibros want to fondle my balls? it would certainly save me some money
yejibros...
yejibros this beat cha-ching like money
yejibros im thirsty
yejibro are you homeless again?
yejibros we are streaming dynamite again
yejibros it's raining
just let a yejibro fondle your balls
yejibros i want to suck her d
yejibro come here i'll fix that for you
yejibros my lips are dry and chapped
yejibros are we going to take this insult lying down
yejibros these thai ladyboys are making my tighty whiteys full of precum
yejibros im scared
how did you know i was a yejibro i didn't even say that in my post
yejibros have you found a tranny lisa lookalike yet
yejibros we're falseflagging as yunkymen next thread
yejibros im from Alaska
we're the yejibros we've got a bad reputation
if you mess with the yejibros we'll rearrange your teeth
we're the bros we're the bros we're the yejibros
yejibros look at this caveman
yejibros we got a coupon for a free large fries
yejibros we are yejibros yejibros
yejibros we are going to get our mcchicken now
yejibros we're here
can someone post the yejibro timeline real quick please?
yejibros we need a playlist
the only sane yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros i want to dance like buffcorrell
yejibros dont click on that brothers
yejibros ive become so numb
yejibros im drawing 2 cards
yejibros what did we think of the boys (season 2)
yejibros im going to sleep
yejibros im in the mood for a mcchicken
where are the yejibros
us yejibros just worked out
did you see a girls panties yejibro?
yejibros my nose is bleeding
yejibros who are these nugus
yejibros we are applying for kpgnbg
where are the yejibros
yejibros look at this
yejibros look at these cheeks
yejibros our balls are blue
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we do not eat beans and we do not look like that
would you like a taste yejibro?
yejibros we are not bean eaters
yejibros what do if we meet yeji
yejibros it turns out a tomato is a fruit
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i just bought 4chan
yejibros after the fall of sharkanda i moved to europe and became a nobleman under the name of Elio Bertrannus
the yejibros from the fallen sharkanda on qa will flee to kpg and kickstart the yejinaissance
uh oh yejibros a hot pocket is on the loose in our thread
yejibros we have discovered our p spot
yejibros we cant remember anything that isnt programming or math
yejibros we have discovered the printing press
yejibros we have discovered the limbic system
yejibros dont read that post we're just thinking about vaginas
yejibros its time to touch or ding dongs
yejibros
yejibros everything's going black
yejibros how are we celebrating 9/11?
5 million yejibros
yejibro intuition
technically yejibros, but that's only because we can't keep track of oncel Ls anymore
yejibros we're here
yejibros we are coming
yejibro dont you say goodbye
yejibros i haven't eaten in two days
yejibro we know what padding is. we aren't fucking dumb
hwang yejibro...
damn yejibros look at mr beans tits
i did not hit her its not true its bullshit i did not hit her i did not oh hi yejibros
yejibros we are in the underground cavern
imagine yejibros and oncels fighting it out with fists
yejibros?
gonna turn all the yejibros into sissies with a massive cyber hypno campaign
become a yejibro instead
nice cock, fellow yejibrother
he's back yejibros
yejibros dont click that
yejibros i meet my first guy on grindr
yejibros post more yejis im yejiiiiing aaaa
yejibros let the beat drop
yejibros i'm so sick of this fake love
yejibros we are entering the mirror dimension
yejibros we just took the dog for a walk on a trail
dont call yejibros that
come home yejibros
yejibros we are leaving
fake yejibros annoy me
bunch of poser yejibros that never post yeji
yejibros my feet stink
yejibros are NOT black
yejibros remember that webm of squid staring into space? she was reliving the time woojin raped her.
yejibros we are here
yejibros we suffer from spleen
that's the color of night yejibrother
yejibros we are all sanguine personality types
yejibros we do not care about myers briggs we care about the four temperaments
yejibros look i found a monkey!
yejibros we are opening a zoo in sharkanda
yejibros be looking like joe exotic
yejibros what is this
yejibros i've been funneling drugs and weapons into black communities for decades
yejibros we are dyeing our hair like this
yejibros were watching Europa the last battle
yejibros we are here
yejibros i want to try this
yejibro we're being mentally healthy and only thinking about sex with vaginas when we fantasize now
yejibros we are here
my ass fucking stinks yejibros
happy 9/11 to my yejibros
yejibros i failed another test i think im going to drop out
yejibro here i am
yejibros it's bench day (no homo)
yejibros i'm a yuqiman now
yejibros i dont like itzy's music at all
woojin raped Itzy yejibros
yejibros her nose looks strange
yejibros as the leader it's our job to allow lia to grow
are the yejibros here?
where are the yejibros
yejibros im gay
yejibros i feel better, sleeping was a great choice
yejibros we are here (in this thread)
yejibros are we in this thread?
yejibros look like THAT??
yejibros how do we feel about mint choco?
yejibros i just wake up and it's 5pm
yejibros i'm yejibro
us yejibros did not buy a str*y k*ds album
yejibros
yejibros im so tired
yejibros were on qa
happy 9/11 to my yejibros
yikes. yejibros we're mentally healthy and only think about vaginas
good morning yejibros
yejibrothers what is a discord raid
yejibros choose when to cum
alright i've never used a 4chan filter in my life but i'm filtering yejibros and ryujinsissy, i'm sick of these mentally ill faggots
yejibros do not give a hoot about rocket punch except juri jav takahashi
yejibros copying yejibros?
yejibros are just cheap imitations of keklo in a lot of ways too though
yejibros and ketchys are one and the same
yejibros are fine it's the shameless yonhi and yunky retards who copy their gimmick and do a real shit job
yejibros are all one guy
yejibros have 100% ruined this place, obnoxious mentally ill faggots
yejibros clapping and cheering in unison
yejibros cant coom we are all wearing chastity belts and anal plugs to protect ourselves from gay rape squads
yejibros how can we get adderall
aren't there an estimated 100k yejibros on kpg
yejibros we're migrating to crystal cafe
docking with my yejibros
yejibros i think im becoming a yunadaddy...
yejibros we're here
yejibros this is NOT canon
good yejiday, yejibros.
there is always yejibros present
yejibros everyone is very mentally ill except us
yejibros
yejibros i haven't listened to not shy since it came out
yejibros they're making fun of Jihan on /g/ again
yejibros we saw a girl with a very ugly nose today. we told her to contact Dr. Kim immediately to fix it.
yejibros where are we
my apologies brother, im listening to BTS now yejibro
yejibros i just said toy boat 5 times really fast
yejibros im gonna try 35lbs weighted situps today
yejibros kiss their sisters
yejibros we're thinking about vaginas
yejibros this is a great night, we're not worrying about shit
yejibros damn we're alpha as heck and keep our pussies in check
yejibros i can't stop thinking about stroking lisa's dick
yejibros we're listening to BTS and we're not worrying about girls
yejibros my girlfriend just broke up with me because i wouldnt eat the quesadilla she took a bite out of
I only like yejibros the other faggots can fuck off with their forced shit
yejibros how come we arent in the list?
yejibros we're yunkymen now
us yejibros are being mentally healthy and only thinking about vaginas friend
yejibros we are here
yejibros look a this cutie
how i become yejibro?
so many unemployed yejibros
yejibros we're laughing at him
yejibros we have another daileee in our midst
yejibros be honest, am i retarded
yejibros what's this guy's deal
yejibros what are the talking points for today. i missed the meeting
i was there for the erp cooming yejibros won't talk about
yejibros our sleep schedule is absolutely pozzed
yejibro...
all my yejibros are hardened murderers thieves and racketeers
yejibros we're like the sopranos
all my yejibros are criminals don't come near us
yejibro mafia family
yejibros join my gang and commit crimes
yejibros...
yejibros we're the gold standard
yejibros why doesn't my cat ever want to hang out with me
Turn the lights off, nooo yejibros nooooooooooooooooo
yejibros my asshole itches
we are here now yejibros
yejibros why did itzy flop?
yejibro...
yejibros we are here
yejibros happy football is back?
yejibros don't worry I will keep posting yeji until itzy disbands
yejibros we are addicted to necry talkie
yejibros how come no one wants us around?
yejibros where are we
yejibros i made my grindr account wish me luck
yejibros where am i
yejibro we are eating squid tonight
yejibros where are the
omg yejibros i cant take it anymore i need to relieve myself
yejibros I just tried to do a push up and fell flat on my nose
push ups time yejibros, let's do it!
yejibros we are arriving
i'll be honest with you yejibros, this maceo plex set is pretty bland
the yejibros
yejibro don't leave TT
yejibros i'm dropping kpop for hololive
yejibros
a yejibro has fallen right in front of our eyes and we were powerless to stop it
yejibros i have something importhkjlnsjtk ilnhykklmlkfmlkymkl;jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
yejibros we do not care about oncel's bogeymen
yejibros how can our lore compete...
yejibro this better not be shit
yejibros we're listening to maceo plex
yejibros we're listening to fro berger
yejibro money doesn't exist
not even yejibros have taken Ls this dire
yejibros we are listening to de bussy
yejibros what build should i go for in skyrim?
yejibros i let the infidels escape their dungeon and ahmed is gonna behead me for this
yejibros i broke my cumjar while trying to shove it up my ass
incredible progress, keep us posted yejibro
yejibros we like joy now
yejibros i only sucked 3 dicks today
yejibros I'm eating a nicotine lozenge and listening to red velvet
with a yejibro...
yejibros i'm in love...
yejibros i lost the plans to the secret death ray
yejibros i just destabilized another foreign government
yejibros where are we
yejibros my diapers need changing again
yejibros aren't as funny as keklo
yejibros is this true
yejibros im cleansing my mind by only thinking about vaginas when i look at girls
yejibros i just displaced 350+ million chinese
woah yejibros, does it actually mean that?
yejibros i just launched missiles at the 3 gorges dam
yejibros my toilet is overflowing
yejibros what's our mbti
stay pure yejibro, every cig i have i feel like i should make my last but i can't stop
yejibros i don't smoke
yejibros we can't affort marlboro golds so we just buy loosies
yejibros im having gabagool for dinner
yejibros why is that guy spamming mr.bean
yejibro, you are the best, just what i needed
yejibros we are squatting
yejibros im back from the store check the bags for your things i forgot the oatmeal
yejibros I have bad gas
no yejibros i don't want to represented by that greasy hair faggot, im good looking
i asked earlier if it was possible to be a chimpchad and a yejibro. i have yet to receive an answer
nice thread yejibros very cool and epic
yejibros release the endorphins
yejibros we need a YEJIBROS GENERAL
yejibros we are here
yejibros how are you today?
if kpg runs /mu/, and yejibros run kpg, that means /mu/ was sharklantis all along?
we need to build a wall to keep out the yejibros
yejibros i am in a brazen bvll
yejibros mexico meetup when?
yejibros we are brown bvlls
yejibros we are not mexicans
yejibros i just want to get a W one day
no thanks yejibro
do yejibros endorse underage drinking
yejibro bring condoms uwu
yejibros i'm going to the store do you guys need anything
yejibros we can't shut up
yejibros we work at dollar tree
another L for yejibros
yejibros what year is this i'm scared
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros my cat is walking backwards and speaking german
who is this yejibro?
yejibros, my washing machine broke
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we just took a massive...
yejibros we're reconnecting with our friends from high school
yejibros we are predrinking and then heading out
yejibros what is yeji
yejibros why do all these unflattering closeup images keep getting posted?
yejibros my dad's rice tasted like shit today
yejibros im drinking piss
yejibros im gay
yejibros i am absolutely furious over a video game
yejibros im drinking a cup of milk
yejibros alcohol of choice is smirnoff ice
yejibros im drinking vodka
yejibros im drinking an energy drink
yejibros i ate mcdonalds today and i feel like shit now
yejibros i have feelings for ryujin
yejibros we love the crisp of sparkling water
yejibros we're drinking water, stay healthy bros
yejibros I'm glad we're all 6'4 chads
imagine a room with all the yejibros and ryujinsissies all just sitting on one big bed
dont let some mentally ill trannies get you down yejibro
is it possible to be a chimpchad and a yejibro?
yejibros they just banned me
we are here yejibros
im academic yejibro when somebody brings up a pseudo intellectual question. I think it cures some of the autism
i see yejibros have invaded another place
yejibros i'm going to sleep early today. i might get my 8 hours in
they got yejibros, hwasuggo spammer, chimpfaggot and now tinny shitting up their thread
considering kpg is what comes up when you google yejibros, it might not have been hard to find
yejibros took a lot of Ls on female 4channel
yejibros retreat
yejibros we are moving again
yejibros im going to get this haircut
when did you realize all the yejibros were keklo
poor crystal cafe cunts, the yejibros have them now...
fuck yejibros what do i do?
yejibros already posted over there, I don't want to be associated with them
yejibros we are here
yejibros...
yejibros we would never tell a lie
yejibros we are here
yejibros I'll watch whiplash again
yejibros what is this vulgar vulgar vulgar latin
yejibros only speak braille
yejibros we're leaving. we are taking a lot of Ls this thread
yejibros we don't speak spanish
another big L for yejibros
yejibros, reminder that we are not manchildren gamers
yejibros we are in the champions club arena
I started posting yeji just so I can be a yejibro and have someone to call a brother
yejibros what if yeji is actually shy
i'm not even a yejibro and i caused two entries
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, many Ls were handed out (we are here)
yejibros only post the same 5 pictures
yejibros I can't stop listening to japanese music
yejibro have you perhaps considered listening to wannabe
yejibros my vision is blurry
yejibro it's okay we'll get through this together
kpop for when i can't post yeji without a bunch of autists screaming yejibro at me
yejibros i was lost in a daydream for like ten minutes
good morning yejibros
yejibros is this true?
yejibros...
yejibros we are protecting this smile
yejibros im getting my masters in healthcare admin
yejibros we look up to the vikings
Yejibros do what they love, but I have to demote you to a tier 2 yejibro, only Yejibros in STEM are allowed in tier 1.
winter is coming yejibros
yejibros im going to film school please dont laugh
yejibros dont think, we do.
yejibros what did we think of this
yejibros we think math is hard
yejibros is it coffee time again?
yejibros we dont go on twitter
yejibros we're doing noporn ignore that guy
yejibros we're on the amateur bmwf thread on /gif/
yejibros i fell in love with yeji
yejibros get him
yejibros the jews are taking over kpg what are we gonna do
so "yejibros" have no problem have no problem stinking up entire threads but they win and like one dude cares
what do yejibros think about this?
yejibros are not funny
yejibros the earlier thread or the earlier linked thread
I would take 100 screaming retarded yejibros over 1 blink.
yejibros, I can't find my risperdal
yejibros my gnu/linux OS just crashed while i was watching the new weeekly we clear ep
yejibros i saw this picture and got really sad
yejibros i went out for groceries and they screamed because i am literally a sharkman
yejibros im leaving
yejibros, i was out for groceries today and someone said i looked like jim morrison from the doors.
yejibros we were in the same grocery store and this didn't happen
confession time: i'm always falseflagging as a yejibro
yejibros did we like dynamite
what the fuck is a pound? yejibros?
yejibros i dropped out of uni
yejibros we are not fat, right?
/yejibros/i
yejibros i'm doing tongue exercises for when i meet yonhi's feet
yejibros we are doing pull ups
/yejibros we are leaving/i
yejibros we are leaving
stop trying to ruin us real yejibros you motherfuckers will burn in hell for being liars
yejibros i want to punch that greasy hair faggot motherfucker
yejibros i kissed my dog
yejibros i did 85 push ups in one set
yejibros today we're not going to watch porn, for real this time
yejibros defend this
alright yejibros im gonna fap i cant stop being a coomer
yejibros don't listen to this man
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros discover yeji had plastic surgery, possibly the biggest L of all time (we are here)
i would like to apply for the yejibro position
yejibros we're leaving NOW
yejibros look at this fat cow
hello yejibros?
yejibros we are making a hard right at saratoga
i've never had that problem yejibro
why does that one guy hate yejibros so much
yejibros why is there always slime in my belly button after i take a shower
yejibros we can't let them take our spot as the most mentally ill posters
yejibros we will unleash the full power of our autism upon the mamamoo fandom if their song is a ripoff of wannabe
yejibros why why
yejibros i've made a huge mistake
yejibros im making tea
yejibros there's some weird animal squeaking outside my window
yejibros i just spoke to you did you hear me
yejibros this post opened my eyes
yejibros we're going back to the salt mines
yejibros im gon finna coom
yejibros we are here
yejibros won't let this insult stand
yejibros i am aroused
yejibros we like yeonhee and yunky equally
yejibros i just remembered code lyoko
yejibrothers who are we
yejibros aka yonhibros this cant be happening check the poll the yunkman has rigged the results
yejibros we're leaving. we are starting to take a lot of Ls
yejibros im sick of this disrespectful tone the other kpgers use when they speak of us
i just use "yejibro" as a vehicle for offtopic posting
If you notice it's just the same 4 or so pics of her that get posted over and over. No "yejibro" here even has a proper folder of her
another L for yejibros
because many "yejibros" probably dont even have more than 5 of her pictures saved and just do it for kpg shitposting
why dont yejibros post cute webms like this all the time
yejibros are cute
yejibros are invisible, yejihermanos are a different story
Guys, what's a yejibro?
getting ready to take a shower with my yejibros
yejibros how do we cope
/yejibro/i;
/yejibros/i;
/yejibros we are here/i;
yejibros the nin version of hurt is better than the johnny cash one
yejibros we are licking nutella off a spoon
yejibros i can't stop thinking about sucking lisa's cock
Nothing on /mu/ except for Hwasaposting and "yejibro"
everyone on kpg is a yejibro now
we’re in a plane yejibro and some weird men in masks are shouting
yejibros where are we
yejibros i got called ''sis'' and i'm not a girl...
yejibros this yunky idiot is going to proxy the poll we have to stop him
yejibros we're skipping working out today and eating cheerios instead
yejibros we are checking our posture
that's a true yejibro
yejibros would never use a mac
yejibros we are sick of them putting white woman in our JAV
yejibros i fell asleep on the floor again
yejibros i am being spammed with vlive notifications
yejibro i heard they are making a sequel to that movie where sharkboy and lavagirl got married and had a kid
yejibros can we say the n word?
yejibros we are not shy
yejibros i don't no myself
yejibros we did not drug and sleep with that girl
the yejibros where are
yejibros we are touching ourselves to very old pictures of girls from our former high school
where are the yejibros
yejibro that's fucking trash. apply yourself
yejibros we can be heroes, just for one day
the voices told me to never believe non yejibros
i told you they were plotting against us yejibros
yejibros we going to mcdonalds to get free fries thanks to the rapties
yejibros i love lia
yejibros whats that guys problem
yejibros why are they being mean to us
yejibros is this true?
get her ass yejibro
come on yejibro its not that difficult to discern
yejibros we are not one guy
if the yejibros are really just one guy that would actually be impressive
can i be a yejibro if i am jew
I can't really differentiate between yonhiposters shitting on yunky or talking about her vagina or talking about bts or pretending to be yejibros or whatever else. there's nothing that tells me who is who or who actually cares about what. All you have to go off of is a picture of an idol and some annoying mental illness.
yejibros i sold lisa weed
yejibros i saw my rapist on the train today
yejibros look at this cool karate move
nevermind yejibros it was actually a woman with a strap on
yejibros that man had tits and we didnt even realize it
yejibros i can hear them plotting against me
yejibros i can hear other peoples thoughts
yejibros we are winning the arguments in our head right now
yejibros i am having a bro inject growth hormone directly into my penis
yejibros do NOT take meds
big L for yejibros
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i have trauma from the time ryujin footmogged yeji
yejibros currently we think jaehee is cute and monday is gross
yejibros we hate yeji
yejibros we hate itzy
I thought yejibros were supposed to have good taste
yejibros dubu's rap is the best part of feel special
yejibros...my door's unlocked...
yejibros i'm not even sure i'm carbon based
yejibros we have feelings for zoa but we don't want to get in trouble
yejibros where are we
yejibros gas stations overcharge
yejibros, lets give each other handies
don't do this yejibro! just text her like a normal son
yejibros my mom forgot to leave me food outside my door again
yejibros we're watching the Ocean's trilogy for the millionth time
yejibro...eat more pineapple please
yejibros we want to steal mr beanwiga's shoes
yejibros we all want niecewives
we are here yejibros
yejibrothers would never do that
yejibros she's so cute...
where are the yejibros
yejibros yuuri is cute
yejibro here we will trade you mr beanwiga for the one with purple hair
yejibros this is that grey poupon
yejibros get in here
yejibros is it gay to fap to wonho?
yejibros i can't touch my ears because my skin is sheding constantly and they get infected all the time
yejibros sometimes i like to finger my ear with cotton swabs cause it feels good
yejibros i am the opposite i have loose earholes and have to use the large size earbud tips
yejibros I'm an earlet and have to use small size earbud tips
yejibros the homeless shelter gives me less rations because i am black
yejibro that is my mouth you're tasting
yejibros my mouth tastes weird
surprise yejibros!!!
yejibros we are taking out the trash
yejibros the scenarios in out heads are working out well
yejibros we are slamming our head against a tree repeatedly
i listened to Not Shy once and now im a yejibro
yejibros, this is not the thread, i repeat, this is not the thread
very true yejibro
yejibros?
yejibros, we yejibros
yejibros, this ellen degeneres therad is the real one
yejibros we are leaving this thread
yejibros, we are here
yejibros now is our chance!
yejibros we lied to our parents that we have a girlfriend and they expect me to bring her home for dinner tonight
yejibros we are becoming crusaders of the night
a seething gaypopper pretending to be a ketchy and yejibro
yejibros are we boxers or boxer-briefs
yejibros my sister has an onlyfans account
yejibro...finish all over my face
yejibros kiss me under the construction equipment while it rains
yejibros i just looked in the mirror and gagged
yejibros how do i increase my self esteem
yejibros we cut a girls finger and put a bandaid on it she better have sex with us
yejibro you are disgusting
yejibros i wet the bed again
yejibros they are making fun of the color of my penis again
yejibros we knew about this
yejibros just embrace it, it's who you were always meant to be
yejibros im becoming mentally ill again
yejibros man is unjust but god is just
yejibros hi
yejibros i have a man lets break up
Yejifriends I'm getting unbanned in 3 days and will resume wholesome and respectful posting of Yeji pics. None of that yejibro schizoposting.
yejibros my nutz are heavenly
yejibros we have purchased property in a town in the middle ages
yejibros we are eating hot chips
yejibros my nutz smell good
where are the yejibros
yejibros...
yejibro I legit can't tell which part she sang
everyone did yejibros
yejibros look like cute anime girls
yejibros this image made us horny
sorry i'm late but that's delusional. most women are single and even those that are not are constantly looking to trade upwards. that's just an excuse to stay put and cuck yourself comfortable another day. a real yejibro approaches life dick first and head on
yejibros i am the son of god, like jesus, but way more muscular and badass
yejibros know this
yejibros will conquer the world
yejibros i am watching the call of duty reveal
yejibros we like this girl now
yejibros subscribe to yeonwoo's channel
yejibros the doc is live
yejibros i'm going to get a motorcycle
fuck yejibros
yejibros everything looks blurry
uhm yejibro... a backpack is not a good look for you
i'm sure it's a really nice backpack yejibro
yejibros a man at work complimented my new backpack last week
hello to only the yejibros
yejibros, i have a boner
yejibros we are researching
wtf yejibro i just woke up
i will speak with her in my dreams yejibro
i'm not a yejibro but it's way too late to call my grandmother
yejibros call your grandmother today just to say hi. it'll make her day.
yejibros he's flexing on us, what do we do
based /ourguy/. isn't he a yejibro?
yejibros let's take off all our clothes
yejibros it's getting hot in here
i am the yejibro
i am the only real yejibro here
tired of these fake yejibros you will die
yejibros hotline bling fucking sucks
yejibros is this real life or is this just fantasy?
very true yejibro
great effort today yejibros
fuck yejibros
yejibros we still hate poona?
yejibros they're making me question my humanity
yejibros we're having mcdonalds for dinner
okay im a yejibro. NOT SHY NOT ME
yejibros my straightjacket hasnt been washed in 2 weeks
yejibros we are broken human beings
yejibros we are renaissance men
yejibros i don't think they like us
yejibros wtf
yejibros, bros why is my dad up at 2:00 am?
yejibros we are snoozing
yejibros we are taking a rest
yejibros and yunkyman are sleeping
it's up to you yejibros
when are the yejibros going to begin their jihad?
yejibro do not be fooled by the gaypop menace. none of them are good.
yejibros lied to me that taemin song wasn't good
yejibros i made a grindr account wish me luck brothers
yejibros look at that cutie in the back
yejibros what the fuck
you cannot be a yejibro if you are circumcised
leave us yejibros alone
yejibros we buying this?
yejibros im listening to black music rn
its more than ok yejibro
yejibros...
his benis is much bigger than all the yejibros
yejibros what do i do
yejibros, I can't take all these Ls
yejibros do we see yeji
uhh yejibros, why is yeji in another group?
yejibros we're standing
yeji's feet thread for the yejibros
yejibros preorder now to play as black spiderman
yejibros are contractually obligated to like soeun because of her shark eyes
yejibros
yejibros i like weeekly
yejibros monday is so cute and talented and hot
yejibros we have never seen this much melanin
actually never once pretended to be a yejibro
same, yejibro
Ok, "yejibro"
what the fuck is wrong with him yejibros
i would bet the lives of all yejibros on kpg that this actually happened at some point
yejibros literally who is this
did you get in trouble yejibro?
here's your L yejibros
yejibros i still havent won a fall guys game yet
yejibros, I was caught stealing tea bags at work
yejibros we are in our last legs and will be leaving very soon get ready...
yejibros whos side are we on
yejibros... our melee combat..
yejibro...
yejibros that greasy hair faggot does not represent us
yejibros look at that chin
based, let me try to do the same yejibro
very proud of you yejibro keep it up
yejibros i just pressed submit on this post
yejibros i just bought 400 acres of land in the middle of nowhere
yejibros is this true?
yejibros someone else rented the apartment I had my eye on before I could even go out and look at it
yejibros we are here
none of these "yejibros" are a day over 18 or 17 for that matter.
yejibrosephs
none of these "yejibros" are a day over 18 or 17 for that matter
yejibros
based meditative yejibro
yejibros, I'm thinking of buying a mandalas coloring book
uhhhh yejibros.........
yejibros we are going to sleep
yejibros are we still on qa
you arent a yejibro
yejibros we are staying
that's just trannyspammer, i guess he's trying to get in with the yejibros now
yejibro, take your meds
hello to only the yejibros
yejibros gobble up
yejibros whats our plan of action
yejibros do we like:
yejibros what is THAT
yejibros what is this shit
yejibros we are staying
yejibros kimiko is very cute
yejibro im at the pharmacy
yejibros wtf is this
yejibro we are in love
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros thats cute
we are the yejibros of swing
yejibros where are we
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros we are landing on her forehead
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros this is me
wtf yejibros we are being discriminated against
yejibros what is this thing
yejibros we are smoking crack
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we like itzy now
yejibros we have an erection
yejibros we arent the most mentally ill posters anymore
yejibros i have shit taste in kpop and women
yejibros i samefagged so much last few threads i forgot who i stan help choose a new gg to stan
yejibros we are leaving until the wizones and onces go to sleep or shut up
yejibros, it's too mentally ill in here, we are leaving
yejibros what are we doing
yejibros do we have a discord
where are the yejibros
yejibros I'm shy....
yejibros i like this hair
yejibros, i am sad now
only yejibros and once we finish transitioning please refer to us as yejiroasties
is mitzy even real or there are only yejibros on here
yejibros i love men
gn yejibros
cracking open a cold one with the yejibros
yejibro....
yejibros, Global DJ Broadcast from August 27 was pretty fucking sweet
Blinks and Onces bickering mildly, Reveluvs waiting in the wings, nugushitters occasionally shitting, yejibros arent here.
so us yejibros and twicecucks for example
yejibros just watched uncut gems with my dad what did i think of it
yejibros we need to improve our melee combat
yejibros do NOT eat cum
yejibros don't click
yejibros how do i get rid of my homosexuality?
yejibros we are leaving
a real yejibro would've eaten it with a good amount of broth
yejibros this is what were eating
why do yejibros love to LARP so much
yejibros i feel the change comingAAAAARRRRGGHHH
yejibros im sleepy...
yejibros this song is good
honestly yeji seems like kind of a stacy. yejibros what is wrong with you?
yejibros are idols objects
yejibros i'm closing the tab
yejibros somebody just punched a wall in my auditorium.
yejibros i'm at kpg and someone just punched a hole in the wall
yejibros will punch holes in your walls
i would go up to a yejibro and say 'here i got you a coffee!', and then throw it right in his tranny face. and as he screams like a little girl i would grab him by the collar and feed him right hands until someone finally pulls me off him
i would love to organize a /kpg/ meetup one day, make cookies and drinks and encourage everyone to come, and then when everyone is there i would beat the fucking shit out of every single yejibro i see
yejibros my armpits smell bad...
yejibros hate ugly feet and that's why we hate ludwiga
yejibros can we still pretend to not like the other itzy members
it won't play for me yejibros...
yejibros our baldspot is getting visible and we can't pull off the buzzpill. what should we do?
yejibros we can't let him become a janitor
and also yejibros and yunkmen would be moved to a separate general
yejibros, we are not removing anyone
yejibros we need to remove the brat now too
yejibros, we are staying
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros who stole my cat
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we're finished
yejibros took the biggest L earlier
yejibros we exist
thinking about my tens of thousands of yejibros
yejibro what is that
yejibros heres our lunch
yejibros who is this guy
good evening yejibros
yejibros we are powerful
looks cool yejibro but i dont want to spend that much
oh no yejibros
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros these anons are mentally ill unlike us.
yejibros we need to improve our meele abilities
yejibros its 5am im going to bed
yejibros we are contemplating
yejibros we're listening to whitney houston
yejibros!!!!!!!!!!!
damn yejibros have actual power on kpg
yejibros i am going to put taemin in my harem meme
yejibro they are so quirky
yejibro did you try pooping
yejibros my farts are getting extremely vile
yejibros what did we think of tenet
yejibros why is her head shaped like a bean
i didn't know sana was a yejibro
yejibros i just kissed my bang chan poster
yejibros i just did 70 push ups in one set
haha very funny yejibro
yejibros... i love slug so much...
you are all kicked out of the yejibros
you are no longer a yejibro
yejibros do we want to kiss yunky's feet?
yejibros i just
isn't that one yejibro an Aryan chad?
yejibros I just kissed the screen
ludwiga giving birth to a half bean half yejibro mutt baby...
yejibros i just vomited
yejibros i just vomited
yejibros dont wanna see that shit
yejibros im drinking a strawberry milkshake
y-yejibros..?
yejibros we are here
bsaed yejibro
yejibros i want to shove mr bean into that river
yejibros that guys asshole was so tight
yejibros my asshole hurts
i think ill pass yejibro
yejibros we're here
yejibros have we watched this
yejibros we use the metric system
yejibros we are weighing in at 299 lbs
yejibros we are from death valley
oh no yejibros....
yejibros are from parts unknown
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
if you give this yejibro a ride
yejibros what is that thing
yejibros we love twice
yejibros come forth at once
im a mothafucka yejibro
yejibros we're basedjackposting on /qa/
yejibros why are we called yejibros but we arent related
hahaha it's great all the yejibros stole a load of basedjacks and here we are
brb yejibros
yejibros we're coming back
yejibros we're staying
yejibros we're back
yejibros im sensing some animosity
glad you are having a good time yejibro
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros i'm laughing
yejibros what do we do now
yejibros we need to leave NOW
yejibros... how do we recover...
big L for yejibros
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros where are we
yejibro here, i too a gross poo this afternoon so i decided to shower a second time today to clean up
yejibros one time i had to pull the shit out of my asshole because i couldnt push it out
noooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros i got a squatty potty and my poops are much more expeditious now
yejibros check this out
thanks for making me an honorary yejibro
i watched the whole thing thank you yejibro
yejibros we are here
yejibros just took a tier 3 L
yejibro...in my mouth please...
yejibros I just popped a molly im sweatin
yejibros, I was thinking of shaving for the first time
yejibros we're here
yejibros i'm writing a fanfiction story about geralt of rivia becoming a kpop idol
yejibros pinterest is ruining google
yejibros I've been tricked into a life of submission by a vampire countess.
yejibros i have a crush on bang chan
yejibros that chimp just told us to die
goodnight yejibros~
yejibros can someone lend me some paste? i ate all of mine
yejibros we are expecting a child
yejibros i fell down and cant get up and i left the buzzer for the nurse on my bed
yejibros our 401k was denied
yejibros my computer cafe was just raided by pirates? they took my employees pension fund...
yejibros what are our thoughts on naky?
yejibros our pension fund was raided by pirates again
wanna poz a yejibro...
yejibros should we tell her she doesnt have anything in her hands?
yejibros i'm bleeding out...
thanks chimpchads and yejibros
yejibros how do my pyjamas look?
imagine actually feeling a sense of belonging calling yourself a yejibro
yejibros i was in another yejibros room and he tried to kill me and now he's punching holes in his walls what do i do?
yejibros my pet spider crawled through a hole in my wall and now i cant find it
yejibros there is a spider in this guy's room i'm going to punch a hole in his wall
yejibros my bed smells like piss
yejibros i juts saw a spider in my room and tried to kill it but failed, now he's plotting his revenge against me should i punch a hole in my wall?
yejibros i just ate some pad thai it was shit
yejibros do we know if bugle yejibro is ok or did the spider get him
yejibros when is ludwiga getting removed?
yejibros i've been stealing the private information of customers from a computer cafe in the building next to me
yejibros i am in prison for destruction of private property
yejibros i just watched two people punch a wall in the internet cafe i run.
yejibros i just got punched through the hole in my wall
yejibros i'm at the local computer cafe and some brown guy in here got really, really mad over something and punched a hole in the wall, and then the cops came and placed him under arrest and now there's a hole in the wall across from me
good evening yejibros
yejibros i punched my wall because it owes me $20 but never paid it back
yejibros i punched the wall because i was mad that someone made an early thread and now there's a hole in my wall
yejibros where are we
we are all yejibros so in essence you would only be hurting yourself...
yejibros noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I want to hurt a yejibro...
yejibros i want to kiss henlo
anyway... how are the yejibros doing this evening?
yejibro do you wear girly dresses?
yejibros, I think I'm pretty
yejibros we disavow
pretty sure that's the yejibros meme
here. i was considering becoming a yejibro but no one answered my query about whether you had to actually like itzy
yejibros no matter how many flies I swat they just keep coming
yejibros, i'm listening to Ja Rule
yejibros wait for my call sign and move on to phase 3
yejibros we discovered we are sigma maless
yejibros that guys getting too close to the truth
yejibros... weve been compromised
yejibros is this true?
yejibros we all say beanwiga
yejibros I don't think I can stand listening to not shy a single time more
this is a twiceposters and twice antis general, try in other boards like the yejibros
yejibros it's time to lift
yejibros everyday is gym day. what we hittin? bench? presses? bros lets go
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros what the fuck
can i be a yejibro if i don't like itzy?
yejibros we're here
yejibros we got a W
yejibro....
yejibros i am defeated...
yejibros we must destroy poona
yejibros i can't wait for mentally sane burger time
yejibros this thread is uncomfy.
yejibros he said we have mental illness is this true
the yejibros are the worst because they all seem to have severe mental illnesses
yejibros what are the differences here
yejibros what is our position in all this mess
good morning yejibros
yejibros please save us
yejibros we're crubling
yejibros it's hard out here for a pimp
yejibros we are here
where did the yejibros, helicopterfellows and blinkchads go
yejibros will eclipse txt
yejibros did we apply to become jannies
yejibros where are we
yejibros should i get this haircut
yejibro remember to track your alcoholic intake.
yejibros remember to track your caloric intake.
yejibros I will take all the L's for you
regulat sized L for yejibros
autists trying too hard to replicate yejibros with their garbage group
yejibros i think he is samefagging
yejibro
yejibros i think this isn't a yejibro
yejibros i made a meme
a feetobook... quick yejibros let's trademark it so we can be rich
where are yejibros
yejibros how do i respond to this
good morning yejibros
yejibros I'm not giving that chowderhead a (you)
goodnight yejibros
I just want to fuck my yejibros
its yejibros
yejibros, we're staying
yejibrothers I am consuming italian
yejibros im eating pizza
yejibros im eating pizza
yejibros we think naruto is the gateway anime of the worst kind
yejibros are cutters
yejibros we like obito more
yejibros we like madara
yejibros..
yejibros i have a poster of ethan hawke that i kiss on the lips
yejibros what is that thing next to our wife
hello yejibros
yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
yejibros we're all here
yejibros im here
yejibros do we like like soilent?
yejibros we all have cat headphones
yejibros we are just like yajirobe
This is very untrue, yejibros are all real
yejibros is this true?
i hope you yejibros aren't just joking about liking lia now
didnt know lisa was a yejibro
yejibros im going to transition
yejibros you can find me in the club
yejibros i kinda look like 50 cent
yejibros i coomed to this
the yejibros must be stopped, but how
yejibros i like lisa
for my n yejibros
yejibros I'm about to release
yejibros, I am now done with the pizza
yejibros. . .
yejibros im eating pizza
he said spiders not yejibros
yejibros we are training the spider to poison beanwiga.
a spider handed yejibros another L
yejibro I don't want to alarm you, but they will literally fly at your face
based mentally ill yejibros fucking their food
yejibros im going to marry the spider
yejibros the spider just spun a web around my cock and started stroking it
yejibros I am eating the bugle with the spider in it.
yejibros the spider just crawled into one of my bugles
yejibro i put them on my fingers before i eat them to look like freddy krueger
yejibros an enormous spider just crawled onto my keyboard.
yejibros we are eating bugles
yejibros where can we find more stories like this
yejibros on the storm
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros what do we think of this
oxidation is real yejibro
yejibros i have made a theory that fruit tastes more sour as you eat of it in a short amount of time because the acidic properties of the fruit change the ph levels within your mouth leading to a greater tangy flavor
yejibro go on a quest to find your true parents
yejibros we will always resist the bean shitters
yejibros people actually like lia. why?
yejibros we are eating plums
yejibros, I think I'm adopted
and there are a hundred thousand yejibros actually
yejibros she's so talented...
it's already over for yejibros
yejibros... this is a really bad look for us
yejibros, I saw a dead rat today
yejibros we are there
yejibros we are here
yejibros this horse's face is too wide for our gentlemen's breeding club
It's fucking over yejibros.
yejibros im going to have to say it..... i would mr beanwiga
yejibros im having second thoughts...
yejibros how do we restore Itzy to the glory days of Dalla Dalla
yejibros our download is complete
yejibros how did he get this video of us
you can't post 2+ lines and 30+ words anymore yejibro, the tinman ruined that once again
i have to take a giant yejibro
yejibro you need to learn proper social conduct then. that is not normal.
yejibros we are listening to abba
why is itzy flopping so hard yejibros?
sorry im late yejibros
yejibros i can smell my baaaaaaaaaaalls
yejibro when in doubt whip it out
yejibros i am shy though :((
yejibros our shark queen has fallen far since debut and the blame lies all on one beanwiga
yejibro noone bothers to check these
yejibros every time i walk into the gym they are playing metallica i dont want to lift to rock music brothers i want to go to a techno gym
only if its 5 yejibro dicks
HD L for the yejibros
god has forsaken us yejibros
hello yejibro
good morning yejibros
yejibros explain why itzy and yeji always place so low in these rankings.
yejibros im getting drunk on cheap wine
yejibros we have to get rid of beanwiga
yejibros is this true
yejibros we are welding
yejibros hi
yejibros we put a fish bowl over our heads
im only attracted to yejibros
yejibros our blankie is warm
yejibros we hate this
yejibros the pot roast is ready
they have us, yejibros
yejibros are all of those brother
yejibros we must get rid of beanwiga to secure future success for our shark queen.
yejibros, take notes, tomorrow we are going to the bar
yejibros were not going to school tomorrow if you live near columbine
yejibros our gums are bleeding again
yejibros our internet is extraordinarily fast today
yejibros, how we doing tonight
are yejibros just going to erase that failed excursion last week out of the history books?
yejibros we realized that ryujin's smirk was too much for our delicate minds and came and broke our minds
yejibros we like almond milk instead of oat milk
yejibros we dominate the howling abyss
yejibros we are lifting today
yejibros are otp fizz
yejibros my little brother ate the last slim jim...
yejibros we will bukakke the ryujinsissy in front of the whole thread
yejibros this is all beanwiga's fault.
yejibros i thought we were all 6'6
because the average yejibro is only 5'2
if there are that many yejibros and only one ryujinsissy, why don't we just gang up on him
yejibros -500
yejibros we need to think up a rhyme or we will be left out of the kpg meta
yejibros we love julia
yejibros it's simple we remove the beanwiga
unironically yejibros
yejibros
beanwiga is ruining Itzy. yejibros we have to stop this.
yejibros-500
i think yejibros have atleast 40
yejibros i hope you are all staying healthy these days
you guys are going to regret bullying yejibros...
yejibros are we here
yejibros i don't see the point
yejibros i need to pee
yejibros i am setting like the sun
yejibros I have arisen
yejibro the only gaypop i listen to is stray kids
yejibros we like the new wonho album
yejibros are not shy
if you are circumcised you cannot be a yejibro - St. Paul
yejibros i pee'd and there was 2 streams
yejibros, I think I woke up still drunk
bashing yejibros face into jelly while listening to it's icy
yejibros the mr bean poster is being mean to me
Uh yejibros? Where's her p*ssy?
yejibros look at this cutie
yejibros we have to get rid of beanwiga.
yejibros is beanwiga the reason for Itzy's decline in popularity?
yejibros i am sleeping it's like 6am goodnight
yejibro dont do that its a bannable offense
us yejibrosyunadaddiesryujinchadssquidposters want to remove ludwiga and we all agree
yejibros we are eating spam
yejibro...you left a mess in me...
yejibros will make not shy soty
yejibros is this the thread?
yejibros i like soeun
is yeji related to yejibros?
and there are a hundred thousand yejibros actually
just us yejibros
yejibros we are NOT wonypedos
yejibros look at this cutie
yejibros are always here brother
black yejibro mogs all of kpg
damn, yejibros look like THAT?!
us yejibros are the most best right brothers?
yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros stop making fun of my waifus
just heard that yeji disavows the yejibros
oh no yejibros
phase 2: yejibros { . . . }
yejibros have already assimilated into a singular hivemind
yejibros will never forget this betrayal
yejibros we are here
based fuck yejibros
the yejibros are regaining lost ground in their sharkanda thread
yejibros we are not feeble
yejibros are so based
getting slowly kicked to death by a 100 feeble yejibros
yejibros look like THAT?!?
i don't know yejibroooooooooooooo when i feel like talking
yejibros assemble
yejibros would kick the shit out of you
Wanna beat the everloving shit out of a yejibro...make him hurt
us yejibros are going to mars
are we here yejibros?
yejibros
yejibros why didnt anyone tell me she is an expert at club dancing?
sorry but that isnt as funny as yejibros
yejibros seriously broke the meta
yejibros get away from miyeon
yejibros they miyeon girl is a hot slut
yejibros we getting free fries at mcdonalds thanks to the rapties
yejibros what do we think of human females with dragon horns, wings, and a tail BUT dressed as a maid
yejibros is this true
yejibros take another major W this thread
yejibro - pestilence
jiyoonchads i miss sharkanda as much as yejibros
yejibros i don't care for weeekly
yejibros i also like weeekly as well
is this the new yejibros?
hello yejibrothers
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros, yunkymen, jiyoonchads, we're leaving
yejibros do we agree with this?
yejibros defend this
yejibros do not close the juicy tab
yejibros we are listening to juicy because it started playing on some tab i cant find and close
yejibros were are listening to aic dirt
yejibros taking Ls on a scale never seen before
us yejibros got our own board /qa/ and they took it away from us
can someone post the yejibro timeline
yejibros are in the process of taking their largest L ever
yejibros did we hear the other midzybros have their own timelines now isnt that wild
gonna hurt u good yejibro
yejibros i just let out a smelly one
yejibros he's on to us
oh, haha, good you good yejibros, didn't I...?
yejibros we are watching kqts play ck3 on twitch
wtf yejibros, we weren't gay all along?
yejibros how heavy are your weighted situps?
yejibros what is our chance of victory
wtf yejibros are gay now?
giving yejibros their first blowjob...
yejibros how do come out of this thread with a W
yejibros i wanna kiss ryujin so badly
yejibro...your p is all muddy...
giving yejibros their first kiss
yejibros we better skedaddle before it happens again
yejibros don't read this post
yejibros avoid ryujinsissies at all costs
yejibros we're listening to cumtown
yejibros we love black snatch
thats yejibros
protip: they're actually both yejibros, so feel free to join in
yejibros i’m not gay but the other yejibro and the ryujinsissy are saying some pretty hot things to each other right now...
i just realized some people might be pretending to be yejibros when they actually arent
us yejibros love sounding
Urethral insertion with my fellow yejibros
getting fucked senselessly by the yejibros
us yejibros are all girls
yejibros i want u inside me
yejibros were straight in 2019 look what the rona did to them bros
yejibros are all applying and giving fake references to each other
yejibros, I can't bite my elbows, it's driving me crazy
I'm far too cynical for that but I will cheer for you yejibro nonetheless
why are yejibros like this?
POST RYUJINSISSY’S FAT BROWN LITTLE MICROPENIS ALREADY right yejibros
sad that yejibros are unable to reign in their erpers so they have to make up personalities to cope
remember when yejibros got caught being gay and invented "ryujinsissy" to cope a whole two weeks after the coomcident?
yejibros that guy should post the pic real fast and then delete it so he doesn’t get in trouble
yejibros is this true
ryujinsissie is a persona made up by yejibros to have a focused target for their ERPing
why are loonatrannies so obsessed with yejibro cock?
you're gonna make it genius yejibro hwaiting
what sort of relationship do yejibros have with ryujinsissies exactly
everyone is obsessed with yejibros its so funny
how much yejibro cock do you think you'll have to suck until it's reciprocated
yejibros where are we
yejibro i dont speak mexican
another L for the yejibros
yejibros come here
yejibros I'm drunk again
yejibros why is yeji's group declining in popularity? is it because of beanwiga?
yejibros my gaia online account was hacked
yejibros look like this???
yejibros im balding
yejibros lets not talk about this L
yejibros are we ugly brown girls?
look up the tinny tiktok where he says yejibros. huge L.
was amazed to hear that george lucas is a yejibro
yejibros...
another W for yejibros
yejibros am i for that
yejibros we're here
yejibros are our friends too
yejibros were eliminated at the battle of lake isurus
are kookiepals getting too cocky? Where are the yejibros to keep them from getting uppity?
yejibros i can't stop pissing myself
this dude mogs that one yejibro
yunkymen these yejibros are like barnacles on me broadside
which kpops are non-problematic for the yejibro community to support
yejibros i cant stop cooming to gooks
yejibros look at these uggos
yejibros do any of you have the one where she's holding the big E
yejibros have ptsd from the mother of all L's
yejibros we would like mj more if he touched children
yejibros we are listening to carly rae
yejibros somethingn seems srtange about this pic
looks like yejibros will be cleaning this place up
yejibros??????????
yejibros are we gonna take this?
yejibros, they are bullying yejis friend again
yejibros we're gonna be janitors..
yejibros... we're taking the easy way out...
yejibros, my mom is mad at me again
yejibro lets tie it up and rape her
yejibros i am listening to traditional irish jigs
yejibros we are in sharkanda
yejibros
yejibros its getting too mentally ill in here im going to eat
yejibros im in love with jud-a-s
good morning yejibros
yejibros why is this guy talking like us
yejibro, but it's 6pm
yejibro isn't a fandom name, it's a lifestyle, a philosophy
good morning to miraclebros and daileeebros and yejibros only
yejibros im taking a bathroom break
yejibros ID is awful
yejibros
yejibros we are mourning floch's noble sacrifice
yejibros we are listening to
yejibro, jump in here with me
yejibros i kinda like this song
yejibros i am constipated
yejibros im here
yejibros its time
yejiOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEES YEJIYEJIYJEIBROOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS bros YEJI BROOOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS bros YEJI BROOOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS OOOOOOOS YE? JI BR0S YEJIBROS yejibros..
yejibros is this true?
yejibro...
what's the matter yejibro... your life matters, you know that right?
yejibros, wakey wakey, we have world to conquer
yejibros im joining the Bosnian Nationalist Free Army
yejibros we dropped myers briggs and picked up the four humors
morning yejibros
yejibros we were defeated
yejibros look at this uggo
when yejibros call each other brother i don't know whether i'm supposed to imagine it like that bane scene or like hulk hogan
yejibros please come back
yejibros we don't believe this stuff right
yejibros I love wonho so much...
yejibro my ass is unironically full of shit right now
yejibros every girl do da sukky sukky
yejibros i have to wear a diaper
yejibros be the change you want to see in the snorld
yejibros 20 more minutes until I got' go, so I told that girl that I'm gonna slaughter it
yejibros I am dropping her for yuuri. goodbye.
what's cooler than being a yejibro?
they should give all yejibros free passes because we are so special
yejibros looks like we win again
yejibros we are here
yejibros i wanna take a tequila shot out of that
yejibros i look exactly like this guy
yejibros we hated ice cream.
yejiOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEES YEJIYEJIYJEIBROOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS bros YEJI BROOOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS bros YEJI BROOOOOOOS yeJI B r0ss YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE j1BROOOOOOOOS OOOOOOOS YE? JI BR0S YEJIBROS yejibros..
yejibros i didnt masturbate for 7 days and when i finally did the amount of semen was colossal
round 2 load up those "yejibros"
yejibros we're probably gonna take a lot of Ls this thread
yejibros im gonna apply to become a janny
yejibros don't come to the next thread i'm gonna settle these yunkyshits
yejibros what do we make of this
yejibros help me defend this
yejibros we will have our revenge
yejibros we are back
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are chugging the cum jar
yejibros
yejibros look at this manface fuglo
yejibros i dont want to look at uggos
ctrl f "yejibros"
yejibros i am here
yejibros we saw this slattern touch an old man's penis
yejibros look at this uggo
imagine if we got a yejibro janitor
yejibros i have come to the stool lands to sell my wares
yejibros look at this balding kpop
yejibros we aren't impressed
yejibro look at this
yejibros looks at this uggo
the yejibros are the most electrifying faction in kpg entertainment.
hey hows it going yejibro
yejibros
yejibros my entire tower pc is shaking and blowing up
yejibros can someone help me jerk off
yejibro put that away its not the time nor place for that
yejibros i have an erection
yejibros we are vomiting
yejibros we will not respond to his meme because he saved it and that is looked down upon in sharkanda
yejibros we are anticipating this meme
yejibros my mouse just moved by itself
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibro they tie me down and stick them up my butt i am powerless to stop them
yejibros we are taking the Ms
yejibro did you leave my cum in there after i blasted inside?
did you make a poopy stinky yejibro? its ok lets go clean it up
yejibros i'm sick and my throat hurts :(
yejibros i just
yejibros have never taken an L in their entire existence
yejibros we're watching the boys season 2 episode 3
tinny was mocking yejibros. an even bigger l.
nonononono yejibros this is not canon
yejibros is this guy an idiot?
yejibros we are winning
so this is what yejibros are watching
yejibros my nose has a TON of boogers
black yejibro is a very handsome man he is not a tranny
yejibro...
fuck wizshitters they are all gay, yejibros rule
yejibros maybe its time to take our meds
tinny isn't a yejibro
Gowonchads absolutely mentallyillmogging yejibros.
yejibros do NOT endorse that person's behaviour we are civil and calm.
yejibros what do we think of drippin
There is no saving this yejibros just retire
It's a tiktok of a low iq monkey 'yejibro' screaming his head off in a room by himself.
yejibro why did you link this
yejibros I'm drunk
yeonhee and yunky posters tried to emulate yejibro mental illness, and things got out of hand. now theres no way back
a yejibro made of ice
yejibros we are ordering cookies from rocket punch
yejibros said chuu is ugly
which fandoms stand with yejibros?
yejibro out here spreading cold hard facts
i'd bet this is the yejibro who kept posting egoist
shut the heck up blockhead. yejibros HATE poona!
yejibros im a guido
how to become a yejibro? should i just post yeji?
Love good yejibro d
yejibros we're watching the boys season 2
yejibros i get hard looking at my own dick
yejibros im on dabbing on the haters rn
yejibros, I tried to eat paper
yejibros is this true?
yejibros are pretty based dbh
when did orbits become yejibros?
yejibros do not browse that website
yejibros...she's on the front page of /r/kpopfap...
yejibro i thought you said gape which reminded me of the gape loonatrannies all have down there
yejibro i think i have grapes downstairs
yejibros i want to rub oil on wonho’s muscles and feed him grapes
buenas noches yejibro
yejibros taking massive Ws
if you're a real yejibro, how many push ups can you do in one set? be honest
yejibro it's your happy biurthday
yejibros this asmr is pretty good
yejibros taking MASSIVE Ws this thread
fuck yejibros
love yejibros
i gotta admit, yejibros are epic
yejibros i think i am becoming a yejiman
whats cooler than being a yejibro?
a yejibro made of ice!
i can't hear ya! i say what's, what's cooler than being a yejibro?
a yejibro made of ice!
i love yejibros lmao
what the heck is a yejibros II
another L for yejibros
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
oh no yejibros... it's weezer gate part 2...
based yejibro
yejibros are the sneedposters of kpg
yejibros they deleted my thread and then i saw this
yejibros... i haven't showered in 3 weeks and my balls smell sour...
yo yejibros i havent listened to a Itzy song since the first album but Surf is good
yejibros respect buff alpha men it's ok.
im sorry yejibro, i tried my best
yejibros /qa/ is pretty comfy even without sharkanda
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're joining north korea
I want your hot c yejibro
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros its ok we support each other
see you later yejibro
yejibros where are we
yejibros i like this song
yejibros they are taller than me
yejibros there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
yejibros i'm gonna do it
yejibros how do i decide on a new archetype to pick without reading 30 different card effects
yejibros, I killed a huge rat, I'm really proud
yejibros I missed the memo, why do we hate LOONA now
patrick sounds like a yejibro
I will yejibro
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibros i am getting filtered by link summoning
yejibros we can't stop taking Ls...
another L for yejibros
hello yejibros good evening
did all yejibros make it back safely?
yejibros we drank water
become a yejibro we work hard and we play hard and for every person you refer you become eligible for a cash reward
yejibros where are we
i watched this episode and this did not happen do not believe this yejibros
it's over, yejibros time to pack it up.
yejibros my penis hurts
yejibros i am playing the thps remaster
yejibros cocks
yejibros we are officially the nation's gg
yejibros i had a bad dream. can i sleep in your bed?
yejibros it's friday, what are we drinking tonight ?
its my door yejibro, you got the streets mixed up
yejibros, my family isn't opening the house door for me, they're pretending but I know they're inside
us yejibros are tired of taking Ls we are deleting the site
18 yejibros in the showers at shark ranch
yejibros i'm gonna do it
hello yejibros is sharkanda back
only yejibros can use this word. you cannot say that.
i could snap at any moment and beat someone into a bloody pulp who pisses me off even a little. blinks are afraid of me. i'm a yejibro although nobody has given me an opportunity to release my bottled up rage.
yejibros i have a question to ask. what makes you feel speshur?
yejibros we're in the pure thread
what do you mean yejibro
yejibros what is happening
yejibros I summon thee
oh no yejibros..
yejibro....
good morning yejibros
yejibros where am I
yejibros we love BM with all our heart and soul
yejibros i'm bleeding love
yejibros where are we
yejibros im afraid of what it will be like to live in ghana
yejibros we agree
have a good day yejibros
hi yejibro
yejibros o yejibros
I unironically love yejibros even though I'm not one
yejibros post the screaming yeji pic where she is holding the guns its funny
yejibros this guy is attacking our new lifestyle
yejibros how do i defend our queen
yejibros, bedouin life is difficult, but we will make it to the promised land one day...
yejibros he is filtering us
yejibros we are nomads now
yejibros my moms bf is here again
yejibros we are not self aware
a yejibro just manifested himself in front of my bed and can't move help
yejibros im sad
yejibros we hate tinny
did yejibros get driven out by the soijak taliban?
yejibros where am i
yejibros we're joining isis
yejibros have we recovered?
I fucking hate the yejibros
it's pretty humiliating. yejibros should not stand for it.
yejibro, I didn't get todays memo, where are we leaving
yejibros we're leaving the 3rd dimension
docking with my yejibros
yejibros my tulpa raped me again
yejibros is this true?
Who is this fag? I hate him, yejibros
yejibros we are not spastics
that's a sign of depression yejibro...
yejibros i've been gaining weight these last couple months
yejibros why does this make me cry
yonhibros i want yejibros
me and my yejibros
goodbye yejibros..
yejibros my neck hurts
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros, we're all in here
yejibros i keep thinking about bm...
bros i just listened to surf by itzy and its very good song i feel happy now thanks yejibros
yejibros my roomies are fucking again, I'm scared
yejibros, I put a crayon on my peehole again
yejibros we are here
rest in peace yejibro
yejibrothers what if i checked out that yeji video from the op of that yeji thread brothers
yejibros like rocket punch except for junkuggo i don't know why that guy follows us
yejibros they haven't deleted the yeji general on /mu/... ?
yejibros kpg was ruining sharkanda anyway
jesus i leave for like a week and there's already 5 new events in the yejibro timeline
yejibros what hefuck
cya yejibros
yeah idk either. yejibros returned so maybe thats it
yejibros i got googie hair
yejibros i have confession to make... i dont have a mullet.... its only a rat tail....
too flashy, gotta go to the big town if you're a yejibro
how come when a gaypop gets a mullet everybody thinks it's cash money and litty titty, but when a yejibro steps outside his mud hut in a fresh hugo boss sweat suit and his mullet pieced out, we get chased down the street and beaten up?!
yejibros did we hear this
ok yejibro
got it yejibro
yejibros do we like weezer
a couple yejibros said they like them and then kpg got mad
yejibros we're NOT leaving
A yunkyman is knocking on my door, what do I do yejibros?
yejibros we are shakespeare
While calling himself a yejibro
yejibros have taken way more Ls than what is listed here
yejibros i dont like kpg anymore, i want sharkanda back
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros we are in sharktlantis
yejibros i tried to punch a hole in my wall and my house collapsed
yejibro i tried punching a hole in my wall and hit a stud, then my fist reflected back and i hit myself in the face and now i'm crying...
yejibros i tried to punched a hole in my wall and hit a stud
yejibros where should we move now?
should i buy it yejibros?
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros i keep having disgusting sexy thoughts about yeji
sharkanda is just ram ranch but for yejibros
wtf yejibros i thought we were safe here
yejibros we are better than trash
yejibros we must take over trash
yejibros we are moving to Yeji, Ghana
I'm a yejibro sympathizer, they're just trying to have fun, it's cute
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
we hate yejibros but we hate yunkymen more
what has happened to the yejibros is an injustice but this was the last L for me so i'm a yonhiman now
who are we siding with in the war for the yunkyman de jure claim on the yejibro empire?
yejibros we are NOT leaving
yejibros... we're leaving
yejibros i was having so much fun
yejibros without sharkanda my life no longer has purpose
yejibros they just moved it to trash
it was an honor serving with you yejibros
yejibros this is the final L
yejibros did we get banned from qa?
yejibros nooooo
yejibros I'm wearing my favorite thong
yejibros the voices are coming back...
yejibros just dug a splinter out of my foot that's been stuck in there for weeks
yejibros is it true?
i just took a huge yejibro
eyyyy yejibros how u doin bby gurl
do yejibros eat ass?
yejibros all right all right all right all right
yejibros all night
yejibros we aite?
yejibros vegimite
yejibros i have a crush on the chad from stray kids
yejibros si
yejibros we
wtf yejibros are going full retard
yejibros we car
yejibros we are
yet another L for yejibros
yejibros i hate this song
yejibros look at that fat gay man in the back
yejibros come back to qa
yejibros we matched with her on tinder
yejibro they are being mean to me in sharkanda
finally an honest yejibro
yejibros i can see her BOOBIES outline
what was the first L the yejibros ever took
yejibros we're watching beat bobby flay
yejibros there is a big spider in my room and i don't know where it went :(
docking with my yejibros
yejibros we do not force memes
the initial invasion went well but now yejibros are facing some fierce resistance from radical soijakers.
yejibros how do i respond to this
guys is it ok to have casual sex with me best friend Yeji or will yejibros beat me up?
if yejibros take an L, yonhibros take an L
soooo are yejibros fappers by nature yes or no? answer that to me right now
yejibros fucking suck
yejibros it is time.
yejibros i reported the thread
yejibros i make early threads all the time
is helicopter officially yejibro approved?
did the yejibros win against the soijakers?
yejibros... i dont feel so good......
yejibros... no, n-no! No, no, no, no, NO NOOOOO!
yejibro, why did you and the yejibrod suddenly disappeared yesterday?
im eating yejibros
yejibros i took my meds out
yejibros we believe there were multiple shooters in vegas
yejibros i am inbred
yejibros post that funny yeji pic
yejibros why does she always cover up
yejibros stay safe and hold down the fort
yejibros were here /qa/
very boring here without yejibros
we are too frail to carry any extra weight yejibro
yejibros we are not here
yejibro i'm an akgae so i don't care
yejibros, we cannot stand for this slander
yejibros laugh at this thing
how do i become this chad yejibros?
we know yejibro
yejibros how do we defend this?
yejibros my diet is 100% kebabs and bottom shelf spirits
yejibros i'm obese
any yejibros in
I miss the yejibros. But just the yejibros
it's gotten more mentally ill here since the yejibros left
yejibros are all very mentally sane
incredible how yejibros have managed a general with less mental illness than here
yejibros love slug actually
yejibros I'm about to hajima on these niggas hold me back
yejibros we are leaving
Damn it feels good to be a yejibro
yejibros
just realized yejibros are mentally fucking ILL
wtf yejibros
yejibros are too powerful already
I'm going to ethnically cleanse all yejibros, it's the all only to get rid of mental illness in this world
yejibrothers
yejibros i just cummed
yejibros i've been doing pyke top...
yejibros i thought we soraka top
yejibros really do run kpg...
all the yejibros are in /qa/ lol
yejibros we need yejichan
yejibros fighting~ (the good fight)
yejibros I am sweating
yejibros where are we
docking with my fellow yejibro
Kpg here, we only like yejibros
one yejibro leaked secret army projects so they win by default
save us yejibros. you're our only hope
that's how men of sharkanda greet. high fives for the women, open mouth kisses for the yejibros
now, what cooler than being a yejibro?
a yejibro made of ice!
i can't hear ya! i say what's, what's cooler than being a yejibro?
a yejibro made of ice!
yejibros where are you
dance with my yejibros in the night time
yejibro...
so you're saying that yejibros actually swim in Ws?
yejibros were wise to leave
yejibros...
yejibros im building some serious muscle mass and people started to accuse me of juicing
yejibro how?
Dont be opressed no longer yejibro, rebel against the world
yejibros we are there
yejibros just took a major L
yejibros help me defend this
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros our birthright has been taken from us and it's time we take it back
yejibros are we winning
yejibros
i'm not even a yejibro and i'm glad my /yeji/ thread took off
yejibros have emigrated to /qa/
where's chimp? where are the yejibros?
yejibros weeekly made me coom
yejibros we are not impressed
We care yejibro!
yejibros are we watching David Blaine do the balloon thing?
yejibros should i stan jisun? she seems kinda slutty ngl
yejibros i don't feel so good
yejibros my chest hurts
yejibros where are we
good night yejibros
you just want to deprive yejibros of their gn kisses
Taking Ls is a full time occupation for yejibros
yejibros be productive at work today
yejibros why are yejis views so low
Ltaking is a time honoured tradition among yejibros
yejibros i think my jock itch is back
another L for yejibros
that's okay blind yejibro
yejibros im not so sure that yeji is actually pretty
yejibros sharkanda ran out of images again
dont click this yejibros it's an automatic L dispenser script
yejibros i made some progress on my plan to count the total number of kpop threads on 4chan. i found out where they keep the info:
yejibros we're here
yejibros will take turns face fucking her until she goes unconscious
yejibros i am having visions of my ancestors again
yejibros I'm experiencing GRID and I'm not even homosexual.
yejibros I'm experiencing GERD and I'm not even overweight.
sweet dreams yejibro
thanks for clocking in yejibros I can finally head to bed
yejibros agree
hello to only the yejibros
good morning yejibros
yejibros i just took an L irl
Come back down yejibro
yejibros?
hello where are the yejibros?
yejibros have connections
the yejibros are more powerful than you could possibly imagine
we are all yejibros
the yejibro IS the uggo friend
the clever yejibro will befriend the uggo yunkyman to look good on tv.
absolutely based yejibro
yejibro is a malaise
white male (yejibro)
yejibro isn't a race nor a gender, you cringer.
yejibro and yejibro
yejibros what color should i dye my hair?
regardless, what'll take for yejibros to come back and stay here
yejibros we hereby declare war on soijackers
yejibros were here
What are the yejibros gonna do then?
yejibros tell me why
yejibros i'm here.
yejibros i am having a sentimental moment with my mother right now
the yejibros are coming...
yejibros i lost myself
noooooooooo yejibros
yejibros where are we
where are the yejibros
the yejibros
be brave yejibro
yejibros I'm scared
yejibros those weeekly girls make me coom
they keep saying 'yejibros we're here' in a lot of threads
yejibros are we here yet?
yejibros do we like jiyoon
yejibros we must reclaim constantinople
yejibros look how fucking ugly this whore is
yejibro here, squid is so fucking ugly bros
a certain kind of energy inside of the soul, yejibro
yejibros look at this uggo
yejibro wtf
yejibros i want to be pragnant
yejibros how will we do it?
yejibros on the storm
yejibros having their own thread in /qa/ is such a chad move
when yejibros said they were leaving, they meant it
yejibros, the doctor says I must be dewormed
yejibros we are gay again
i can't believe yejibros really left and are now living in /qa/
yejibros why am i vomiting
yejibros i just shaved my eyebrows off
for my yejibros!
its me yejibro
yejibros im posting it again
i don't think i can become a yejibro, i don't meet the requirements
yejibros im fine
if you give this yejibro a ride sweet ludwiga will die
yejibros on the storm
yejibro general
yejibros on the storm
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros we will be reborn in the astral plane and play not shy in nosso lar.
yejibros growing up with no father isnt cool
no yejibro
yejibros why didnt he like me
yejibros have you ever received a compliment from your dad?
yejibros this cant be happening
where are my yejibros
yejibros this is the end
yejibros it's 3am and i just ate a whole large pizza...
yejibros
yejibros what step towards your long term goals have you taken today?
"yejibro good, too many of us anyways"
yejibro good, too many of us anyways
yejibros i cant breathe
yejibros the song is about their p*ssies
do your homework yejibro
yejibros how do i stop being so tired and lazy all the time
yejibros i just shit all over the carpet and it's not coming out with just soap and water what do i do
yejibros...
yejibros i stole my mom's credit card. how do i buy jyp's book with it without her noticing?
if oncels are the phalanx then yejibros are the hetaroi very true
when will yejibros cease their illegal occupation of /qa/?
yejibros return to home base
you don't have to like itzy to be a yejibro
i'm tempted to become a yejibro but i can't stand itzy's music
are yejibros still occupying /qa/?
yejibro no we arent
yejibro speak english
yejibros are we buying ck3 royal edition
what do you mean yejibro we must begin the western campaign
have a lie down yejibro, you don't want to have back problems later in life
yejibros my back hurts. what should i do?
yejibros we're watching 39daph's stream
yejibros we're watching 39daph's stream
come to the yejibro meat in portland
yejibros how to survive civil war?
Are my yejibros awake yet ?
I'm gonna party like it's 1999 yejibro
yejibro what do these two items have in common
yejibros there is a sale on baby oil and windshield wipers
yejibros
yejibros listen to kegel's recording of berg's wozzeck
teach me how yejibro
yejibros do your kegel exercises.
yejibros i scraped a lot of shit off my tongue, i want to have a really really clean tongue like zoa lol
yejibros we like the police
the yejibro retards are just a raid by the trannies from loona general
another L yejibros
ok yejibros this thread was a big chunky L but we can always try in the next one
yejibros we are big boys
what the hell yejibro
yejibros I though the image limit said 511 instead of 115
yejibro, you have to leave. this thread isn't safe for you anymore
yejibros
yejibros we've left
yejibros we are leaving this thread.
nooooooooooooo yejibros noooooooooooo
sweet dreams yejibro <3
yejibros im taking a nap.
when you think back on life in 10 years wondering what you were doing, you should always remember that you were hanging around yejibros who never lose
yejibros where are we
will a kind yejibro please show this lost yejibro the way to our homeland
we where playing with all the yejibros but then ketchys joined the lobby and ruined the fun
yejibros are we getting neuralink?
the official band of the yejibros
that's just a yejibro he's mentally ill. i still love yonhi and her posters.
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros im getting tired but i dont wanna go sleepy yet
juliablokes we must assemble to beat the yejibros to death
yejibro stop embarrassing us in front of kpg
its we the yejibros
yejibros what distro do we use?
yejibros i have so many tabs open
yejibros dont look there
why would we do that yejibro
yejibros did we kill the yunkyman?
yejibros i think the mods have it out for me
yejibros fear the pinks
it's yeji (and groups yejibros like) general
yejibros how big are we down there
all yejibros need to return to sharkanda immediately we are at war
yejibros we need assistance
Stop being so rude yejibros.
oh no no no yejibros
support the cause yejibros
very true yejibros
yejibros we are losing sharkanda
yejibros why are the blinks
we loonabros are always here to hand our asses to yejibros
yejibros how many threads do we need
yejibros they are being mean to us again
yejibros are still farming Ws from loonabros
yejibros wh
yejibros im beginning to think that yeji might actually be a slut
yejibros the seatrannies took over sharkanda
very cute yejibro
yejibros even is lisa is a man we still like her
yejibros explain yourselves
yejibros holy shit
yejibro, don't coom to that please
be careful yejibro
yejibros we need a midzybag
yejibro while i dont personally share that opinion i am ok with you having it
yejibros I hate anime
yejibros they are complaining again
'uv yejibros
yejibros we are popular with the ladies
yejibros any webms you want me to make?
oh no yejibros...
ketchybros this is a no-yejibro-zone
yejibros i hate each and every one of you
yejibros what itzy song should i blast?
yejibros why do i get mad so easily
yejibros i have awoken from my slumber
yejibro dislike brigade
dont talk to my yejibro like that
yejibros III
good yejibros i'm burning star IV
yejibros i think you should meet
yejibros I'm tired. goodnight
yejibros II
yejibros I
yejibros i have feet
yejibros I like feet
yejibro the thumbnail is too scary and i am scared to click the video
where are we yejibros
yejibros izone and loona posters are fighting over a man photoshopped to be very muscular
yejibros check this out
not a yejibro but this is a decent grouping
yejibros we think doyeon is beautiful
yejibros my chair keeps going down
yejibros post your harem
yejibros I think we are being tad too obvious
you didnt pay your protection tax to the yejibros
yejibroooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooos
yejibros we are NOT loonatrannies
yejibros hate squiduggo
yejibros look at this shit
sup yejibro
yejibros they are posting the block headed uggo again
sup yejibros
yejibros why is she so brown
yejibros we love duan xiaowei here
yejibros i am a loonabro
yejibros we keep loosing...
yejibro i must disagree with you on this one
lisa is very cute yejibros
yejibros we lost fuck fuck fuck
yejibros she is ill in this picture do not believe the slander.
yejibros stretching is actually kinda fun
i am a yejibro
even become a yejibro?
yejibro i do not want to vomit
yejibros look at this ugly shit
yejibros they're so fucking ugly look
yejibros i dont wanna be banned
we demand an apology from the yejibros
dont be jealous yejibro.
but yejibro they're so ugly...
yejibros... wony is so ugly
yejibros a ryujinsissy tried to grab my wiener at the urinal
yejibros i feel like screaming
*stuffs yejibros in lockers*
yejibros dont do homework they just bang Dalla Dalla and tell the prof "we dont care no we dont care dont care"
i would rather not yejibro
not as hard as my penis yejibro
dont do it yejibro homework is for nerds
yejibros look at these two ugly whores
yejibros my homework is hard
yejibros i haven't listened to an Itzy song since the first album
yejibros are taking so many Ws and taking Ws at every level and we are getting tired of taking Ws and we are saying please please we are tired of taking Ws
yejibros im killing it on the air drums rn
yejibros shut the fuck up
yejibros i was wrong that wasnt the thread
yejibros where are we im scared
yejibros minju is very beautiful
sorry yejibros im mentally ill
sorry yejibros i meant to change this to loves but the yunky webm distracted me
just us yejibros
yejibros we're simping to sera
yejibros tell me why
yejibros answer me
yejibros why is he spamming that whore
stuck in the middle with a yejibro
yejibros they are spamming the rotten potato head again
yejibros should i post my face?
yejibros they are making fun of us
what does the average yejibro look like?
this yejibros is listening to kanye
yejibros dont act like i never told ya
yejibros im trippin im caught up in the moment
yejibros you should be honored by my lateness
yejibros
yejibros lets get lost tonight
same reason he wrote yeji on his forehead and held up a sign saying 'we are all yejibros' on the livestream
yejibros is this a man?
yes everyone is obsessed with the tall muscular and chadlike yejibros
yejibros where are we
another W for the yejibros
yejibros im snackin right now
nooo yejibro dont let cancer win
he said yejibros not loonabros bro
dont leave us yejibro
the day yejibros took over
hello yejibrothers where is everyone
yes you are yejibro
yejibros brb
are we winning yejibros?
not at this monkey talking about mental illness while defending 'yejibros' fucking pathetic
yejibros is this a man?
i am a yejibro
not a yejibro but poonatrannies are the last people here who should use the mentally ill insult
yejibros politely decline
yejibros he is insulting us
yejibros the ryujinsissy is tempting me again
I see that mental illness is indeed a requirement to be a yejibro
yejibros when one of us cooms, we all coom
yejibros im crying because all these Ws could be helping someone else instead of me
join the yejibro hivemind
yejibro is it okay if i share my Ws with wizones?
yejibros what the fuck she's way prettier than yeji
yejibros do not endorse this chink tranny
what the fuck is wrong with these fucking 'yejibro' schizos constantly spamming and clogging up the thread. peak levels of mental illness rn in kpg
yejibros im waiting for my government check
yejibro here, she mogs yeji
yejibros we are here
get in yejibro
yejibros i have lots of Ws if u want them
yejibros i have a day off tomorrow
yejibros i am lost
yejibros we are leaving
y-yejibros *cough* i-im dying yejibros *cough*
yejibros where do i store all these W's i'm getting?
yejibros this isn't funny anymore
yejibros we are staying
yejibros im going to go make some food i'll be back soon. keep taking W's.
yejibros i lol'd at this post
yejibros they are posting too fast
yejibros im shy...
no one else has the brotherly bond the yejibros have
yejibros we can't keep getting btfo, we're retreating to yeji general to re-group
yejibro this guy just took all my Ls
yejibros why do we control kpg
yejibros i took at least 5 Ls today
kpg is so obsessed with us yejibros it's actually kind of embarrassing
yejibros we can't stop losing
sorry loonabros i have to side with my yejibros
yejibros are taking the W as we speak
hostile yejibros are entertaining as hell
he posted himself saying yejibro
yejibros what did he mean by this
yejibro got this tranny so mad he's still on damage control lmao
yejibros they are trying to discredit us
yejibros we not have extra chromosomes
yejibro!
another major L for yejibros
yejibros i lol'd at this
yejibros they are on to us
well said yejibro
absolutely based yejibro
yejibros I’m not gay
being an orbiter requires full time seethe, don't you know that yejibro?
how come yejibros are all hostile to other members but friendly with ketchys
yejibro why do you look like that
have to say, yejibro lore > loona lore
yejibros run 4channel
yejibros is gaming time
yejibros we have arrived
yejibros are all-powerful
yejibros where are we?
the yejibros are all around us
yejibros edition
yejibros were very nice to her actually
just us yejibros
yejibros come back please help us we are trapped in here with the yunkyjunkies
any yejibros in
but how will you live your life yejibro
yejibros i would enter soodamn and never pull out
yejibros are already shitting up the itzy thread
yejibro nofap is a meme meant to distract you from the real problems and those who have caused them
agreed yejibro
yejibros my nose is bleeding
yejibros fucked up they're actually banning kpg
just woke up did they yejibros make /kr/ happen yet
yejibros will take 4 boxes of lemon ups
yejibros who are we quoting
a rare W for yejibros
yejibros cannot be stopped
only yejibros have defeated the soijaks
yejibros are taking over 4chan
yejibro i am eating soup
yejibros i made some noodles.
teach me yejibro
yejibros what is this
yejibros what games do we play nowadays? last i heard we were on csgo
yejibros i'm tired of your games
yejibros get in
where are we yejibros
yejibros get out
*assimilates into the yejibro hivemind*
as a yejibro, this is our girl
yejibros i cannot click the board
yejibros where are we
we don't talk about yejibros V
yejibros what happened to Yejibros V
yejibros it's time to simp
yejibros is it time we discard philosophy as the basis of morality in favour of psychology? i feel modern society could use more pragmatic approaches.
its really dark yejibros
sup yejibros
i dont know yejibro
yejibros where are we
we're here yejibros
yejibros im a eunuch
yejibros what is our iq
yejibros i am all out of cotton swabs
yejibros
yejibros my name jeff
yejibros I'm going to enjoy a treat.
yejibros we're playing bookworm adventures deluxe
yejibros we are actually emulating the first nier on hard difficulty
yejibros what do we think of hwang yeji?
yejibros im gay
yejibros i had a dream about sucking lisas dick again
yejibros my peepee hurts
this is the last time youll insult us yejibros, the next time you will face consequences
yejibros we stan red velvet
yejibros... not again
yejibro i mog you, i can do 65 with proper form in the first set, take this L yejibro by your fellow yejibro
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i just did 10 pushups
we as yejibros are thinking about changing our name to Lyjibros
yejibros are jelaous of dreamcatcher and JiU...we will take this L but we will have our revenge one day
dont worry yejibros
yejibros how many L's do we plan on taking today?
we as yejibros now hate dreamcatcher and jiu because they get all the you's
yejibros which group do we hate today
yejibros we are losing again
that jiu webm almost got as many (You)s as yejibros took Ls last thread
yejibros as I sit here eating my limited edition double quesarito from taco bell I wonder should be a little bit shy?
huge W for yejibros
we yejibros salute this..
yejibros the yejibros keep embarrassing us with their awful taste in music
yejibros, will we ever get that many (You)s?
we as yejibros are impressed..
yejibros, Random Access Memories is so fucking good, i can't go back to listening to kpop
yejibros...are we taking another L?
yejibros my mom said i cant play wow today
i am the yejibro and i ride and i ride
yejibro, come dance with me
yejibro, come dance with me
we know yejibro
yejibros with all the fighting between schizos this thread, we get a W by default
yejibros can we get back to the autistic banter and ignore the shitflinging
yejibros what have you done today that got you closer to your career goals?
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros always provide entertainment
yejibros i'm divesting
where are the yejibros
yejibros are no longer with us
yejibros im cumming
stay safe yejibros
yejibros we need to change the lineup
yejibros don't go in the bathroom
yejibro posting is on cooldown atm
loonatrannys thought it was safe to come back here because oncels were bullied out. they were wrong yejibros. dead wrong.
yejibros we were having fun until the loonatrannies arrived why are they like this..
I love you fellow yejibros, stay strong
yejibros my pee is red
yejibros i might just not clean up after myself in this mcdonalds
a yejibro ventures out and the results are not good!
yejibros they told me to move tables
yejibros boycott mcdonalds
yejibros answer to noone
no mask, at the “dont sit here” table yejibros
yejibros look at this
help me defend this yejibros
yejibros i'm falling ludwiga
yejibros I was cuddling with my dad while listening to Itz Me on the speakers and he told me to turn it off
yejibros hop in, we're leaving
very true yejibro. worrying or panicking does nothing to improve our happenstances. staying rational does.
yejibros im not shy
yejibros i am summoning forgotten beings again
don't call my yejibros that
yejibros we love cum
really mature guys. yejibrow up already.
yejibros do we need a new yeji general?
yejibros we are powerful and this world is a playground created for our amusement
yejibros we are not cowards we do not hide chains
yejibros the grandma sat up and walked away from me at the bus stop
yejibro butterflys don't bloom
yejibros what do we think about CBT
yejibros it actually hot and humid outside
yejibros I went outside today and I realised im actually still shy
yejibro most people wear pants when they go outside
yejibros i hope ill be warm in just a shirt and sweater
HUGE W for yejibros and midzy.
yejibros im gonna go shopping
yejibros our waifu is chaeryeong
yejibros will win /kr/ for us all
remember yejibros. nothing is true. everything is permitted
yejibros what the fuck is a ketchy
yejibros we need to support junji
what do yejibros look like?
yejibros my name is shaun hartman
yejibro i know that feel
what will the inevitable replacement word be when mods filter yejibro?
kpg entertainment debuts its first boy group, with cripple as main dancer and yejibro as visual
yejibros we are not gay anymore
scamming yejibros with a yejifans account
did you buy her bath water yejibro?
yejibros i simp for belle delphine
yejibros ive become so numb
yejibro you need to eat more fibre, yejibro
yejibros im taking a shit and the water is splashing my rim
yejibro looks like a violent far right extremist bent on spreading the extreme ideology of yejism
yejibros we are not shy
goodnight yejibros
we know yejibro
yejibros, we're leaving
yejibros we have tinnitus
yejibro...
Another L for the yejibros
daily reminder that juripals are allies with the yejibros, the yunkymen and the nakofriends
yejibros...
what's your address? i'll buy you some claritin, yejibro
yejibros i itch all over
what are you drinking yejibro
feeling good, yejibros
yejibros we don't know what /trash/ is
yejibro we don't know who that is
is yejibro erp the new /trash/ gaypg meta?
yejibros they're onto us, retreat to the hideout
this yejibro roleplay is pretty cringe and off topic, moooooooooooooooooods
yejibro we told you to not execute any hostages
yejibro i will be the getaway driver
yejibros lets rob a bank
yejibros we hate satanic transhumanism
yejibros we are investing in neuralink
yejibros i am going to sleep
yejibros are waiting for me under the bridge
I was looking for more yejibros on reddit and got downvoted
yejibros somebody just tried to rape me in prison
i want to give yunkybros and yejibros a big hug
yejibros we are in prison for manslaughter
yejibros I'll see you tomorrow :)
yejibros are in itzy general
yejibros don't leave yet
yejibros i like ice cream
yejibros getting shot up by kim kyle
yejibros sharkanda is eternal
yejibros ihate waking up
yejibros we are in a race - last place
yejibros we are all one race - the shark race
yejibros we are all one race - the human race
buy lottery tickets because you are having a lucky day yejibro
yejibros i just fell forward while trying to take a pic of my gaped asshole to post as an epic meme and broke out my front teeth i don't have insurance what should i do
yejibros i want the ketchy bag
yejibros when are we posting our c*cks?
yejibros this thread gave me brain damage
yejibros i have acid reflux like a m*therfu**er
yejibros cant swim
just dropped the yejibros off at the pool
yejibros we are here
yejibros we traveled together, east. always... into the east.
yejibros we are hungry
yejibros I'm so depressed. Everything is so tiresome. This isnt a plea for (you)'s
ok yejibros i have been awake for upwards of thirty hours now. goodnight.
yejibros i stan jiyoon
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are sleeping
sorry im late yejibros
really glad the yejibro arc is over for good.
i want to see yejibros fucking ryujinsissies
W for yejibros!!!
any yejibros in the yejicord today
yejibros i fapped to traps again
yejibros. . we are gone. . . .
yejibros this song is beyond epic
any yejibros in
yejibros we're finally leaving once and for all... it's time to escape...
where are the yejibros
when are we yejibros
yejibros we would have sex with ludwiga right
yejibros i think im obsessed with trannies
Not even a yejibro and I've been to the yejicenter
yejibros i have to pee
yejibros...
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros we are here
eagerly anticipating my fellow yejibro's memes
who the fuck is "yejibro150" show yourself
yejibro...
got some great memes queued for the next thread, yejibros
yejibro... stop it...
yejibros I think we like that
yejibros i haven't left my apartment in 6+ months
yejibros I was talking to a cute girl at a party and I almost said gaypop.
he's there for the yejibros
i hope no one makes a collage of our girl yejibros
say something about yejibros in chat and ill gift you one
yejibros i hate the evil versions of idols if we ever get an evil yeji and not just the yeji shoops with black eyes but a real evil yeji clone i will be scared
yejibros did we win anything
yejibros i lost myself
yejibros I had a great post ready to go but it slipped my mind.
real yejibros just use our mom's old ipad air
you dont need an expensive computer to use kpg yejibro. we all know you're here for 16 hours a day brother.
yejibros I need a new computer but I don't want to build an expensive gaming rig but I also don't want some cheap bullshit either.
he'll fit right in with the rest of us yejibros then
yejibros i think that guy is gay
yejibros i'm just going to come out and say it
what the fuck are these dorks talking about yejibros?
yejibros...
yejibros where are we
yejibros we jumped the shark
very boring in here without my yejibros
yejibros my farts have been nuclear all day what did i eat
based yejibro
yejibros everything went dark
yejibros i
yejibros where am i
yejibros i'm losing my hearing
yejibros on the storm
yejibros?
if you give this yejibro a ride
yejibros on the storm
yejibros on the storm
yejibros what does holding a girls hand feel like?
yejibros i can’t figure out ubuntu i’m going back to xp
yejibro did you try replacing the thermal paste or dusting the cpu fan?
yejibros my cpu is running at 85°C and it's shutting down all the time
yejibros install cameras all around their home to protect their families
yejibros this is what my parents marriage is like
yejibros i put on deodorant today
sorry to hear that yejibro i botched a fart earlier
yejibros I wrestled a match last night and my opponent botched a piledriver and now I have no feeling in my right arm.
where are the yejibros
yejibros we're there
yejibros im going dumb litty
yejibro finished all over my face...
are there people who don't like kpop here? other than "yejibros" and blinks, those guys are just shitposters
yejibros the application wont open
yejibros my arms ache
yejibros i'm inbred
yejibros im tired
yejibros we are here
yejibros are so cool
Damn yejibro just got censored
redpill me on the eternal yejibros vs soijakposter rivalry
why are yejibros raiding /qa/ now?
yejibros i have this lump...
yejibros where are we
we are winning yejibro
the yejibro historian is documenting everything
yejibros are pathetic
former yonhibro, yejibro, yunkybro here
i cant keep up with yejibros anymore
yejibros is this true?
are you coming out of the closet yejibro?
yejibros taking a major L right now
yejibros i have a confession to make
yejibros... the timeline didn't speak of this...
The secret is, it was only one guy but two or three retarded yejibros decided it would be funny to join in despite the true yejibros warnings.
yejibros are we visiting the online gym
yejibros i have just thought up a genius business idea
yejibros my mouse is not functioning correctly
i feel you yejibro
Not gonna lie I chubbed a bit. Is this what it's like to be a yejibro?
good evening yejibros
yonhi posters are all mentally unhinged gaypoppers/yejibros, don't take them seriously.
Put in work yejibros. And anotha one
yejibros got btfo by the soijackers
i read all the yejibro posts in the other voices in my head
I read all yejibro posts in DJ Khaled's voice
yejibros they got us
yejibros the yeji thread got deleted
im happy for you yejibro
yejibros i'm the happiest i've been in the last 6 years. have a drink on me.
stop doing the devil's lettuce yejibro
yejibros i smell like marijuana
yejibros we are eating sugar
I am thinking about going out to eat korean food yejibro
yejibros... explain this:
yejibros we use firefox here
yejibros we are here
yejibros how are we feeling today
all sharkmen, shartmen and yejibros are welcome
yejibros i need a good yeji OP pic
yejibro i will give you one of my kidneys if it will help you survive
yejibros, i have two months to live
do you have a crush on her yejibro?
yejibro we are the like TT
yejibros... I think I like ynuky
if you don't like it, make a yejibro and leave
yejibros
based yejibro
see you then yejibro
you win this round yejibros but a new round starts in roughly two minutes and we'll be back even stronger
i can help with that yejibro
yejibros I'm h*rd
yejibros im sad no kr
I count at least 5 yejibros and 4 yunadaddies
but yejibro i have no where else to go
who is this yejibro everyone talks about?
thats very depressing yejibro
yejibros we're leaving. no more Ls today
yejibros im tired of living
too many fake yejibros
yejibros is it true rocket punch have the better girls but itzy has the better songs?
yejibros did we see this
yejibro is this erp?
yejibro [18m] LF yunadaddy(ie)[30+]
yejibros we are not retarded
Ls taken by yejibros last thread:
yejibros my hips are moving on their own~
another L for yejibros
thats kind of transphobic of you yejibro
yejibro you should get some ointment for that
im proud of you for being responsible yejibro
yejibros one of you gave me gonorrhea...
yejibros i'm going to stop being a lazy fuck and do my homework
go ahead yejibro i am listening
yejibro you need to shut up for once
yejibros i have something to say
thank you for sharing your opinion on the matter yejibro
leave yejibro alone
yejibro this is what i think of it
yeji took the massive L here (get it yejibros? she is holding the big L)
yejibros i think she looks cute here what do the other yejibros think of this
no theyre not yejibro
whats the other half yejibro?
love stories are gay yejibro
im only half yejibro
yejibros i feel like im in a lovestory
yejibros is this true?
if you glue your dick back on then we will allow you to become a yejibro
once a yejibro always a yejibro
there is never enough yejibro circlejerking
we're more than that. we're yejibros
stop eating so many beans yejibro you know you cant handle it
i wont allow them to do this we need to retaliate yejibro
yejibros I think I'm craving male attention again~
yejibro this is why you are supposed to wear you diaper
yejibros i keep thinking about snuggling with bang chan on a rainy december night and looking longingly into his hypnotic eyes
yejibros i just sharted in my adult diaper again...
just woke up and i've already seen too much yejibro circlejerking
yejibros ryujinsissy and yunashitter are slandering us
yejibros does yeji like coffee?
yejibros i just peed my pants a little bit
yejibros we will now become yejisisters so our lust for male idols will no longer be homosexual
yejibros this isn't the yeji thread we wanted, we are leaving
yejibros I just did it to nini
yejibros why are there so many brown and black people in loona music videos
taeyeon is a yejibro?
yejibros i am tired and i have had enough
yejibros why does everyone bully us
everyone is obsessed with the yejibros they are tall muscular and have rigid facial features that make the girls swoon
yejibros never recovered from taking a rocket punch straight to the dome
yejibros im seething
yejibros are being mentally ill again
yejibros you have been influenced by the ryujinsissies and it has clouded your mind
yejibros. It's not gay if it's with another yejibro. very true
yejibros we are all yejisisters now
when did you develop these homosexual tendencies yejibro?
yejibros we are gay
are the yejibros backed up again after taking that massive L?
how about you make me yejibro
yejibro i am down for this
yejibros nut shake
yejibros we need to shut the fuck up
stop trying to marginalize the yejibros
yejibros shut the fuck up for once
this is true because yejibros are not shy
yejibros we want to have a wild orgy together
a real yejibro does what he wants and does not care for societies conventions.
yejibros we were never gay
yejibros we are not gay anymore
yejibros i bought the ketchy fanship
yejibros yuna is growing on me, what should i do
yejibros we don't know who those are
yejibro you need electrical shock therapy
yejibros i want wonho and bm to hold me in their strong muscly arms
the home of the yejibros
why are there so many blacks there yejibros
embrace it, just don't become a yejibro
yejibro im already doing that
yejibros vow to me:
yejibros im going to turn my life around
yejibrothers in arms. i bid you stand men of the west
yejibro o yejibro
agreed yejibro
if that was the case then there wouldn't be a wall there would be a hill or something right yejibros
yejibros we need to know if this will be the case
yejibro remember to take frequent breaks away from the computer
no one is more respected here than yejibros
does kpg respect yejibros?
yejibro just put tape over your hair so it doesnt come off
yejibros im balding
yejibros is this true
yejibros why am i short
yejibros are based
he said yejibros, not midzets
which group is most popular among yejibros?
sex with my yejibros
yejibros i uhm also can't wake up
yejibros i cant wake up
thinking about becoming a yejibro
this one is for the yejibros
yejibrooo! *rolls eyes*
yejibros left for general on /qa/
yejibros we're listening to ray charles greatest hits
im a yejibro
yejibros my husband just filed for divorce
yejibros I need some fresh tap
yejibros feed me a stray cat
yejibros i wont last much longer at this rate
yejibros how many cats do we need?
yejibros im sending your mind mail
im in yejibro lets go fuck up some cat
yejibros lets get in on this
yejibros i don't want to go to jail
wtf he doesn't have balls anymore! nooo yejibros
yejibros i witnessed cringe
yejibros it was rigged from the start
dont close your eyes yejibro stay with us
yejibros the darkness is starting to return..
yejibro...
like us yejibros
did you forget your way to the secret base yejibro?
what's on your mind yejibro?
yeah yejibro?
yejibros
yejibro i recommend you defeat monsters in the forest to collect coin for your new jacket
yejibros I'm thinking about buying a new white coat for winter
yejibros are mentally ill
yejibros get ready to feast
dont cut your willy off yejibro
yejibros I stanned loona now I'm gay
hey yejibros
yejibros arent shy
why are yejibros so annoying?
take off your clothes yejibro!
yejibros its so hot outside
capture or kill the yejibro before the next full moon or he will fully transform into a wereshark
a yejibro has been ringing my door bell at 3am for the past week and then running away howling to the moon goddess
a yejibro just moved into my garage and said I'm welcome to bury my nuts in him for the winter
have fun on your walk yejibro
a yejibro just broke into my house and ate a whole jar of peanut butter while washing his feet in my toilet
yejibros im about to take the dog out
yejibro you are not cute
yejibros are cute
Not yejibro but I do
hasnt happened yet but maybe when i finally meet some yejibros...
i'm saving mine for a yejibro
yejibros your momma got a pegleg with a kickstand
yejibros do you guys keep a journal where you record how far you can fit your index finger into your anus every 3-4 hours without lube/prep?
yejibros do you guys ever smell your own earwax?
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros ya mom is so fat (how fat is she?) ya mama is so big and fat that she can get busy with twenty-two burritos, but times are rough I seen her in the back of Taco Bell with handcuffs
are you a yejibro? can i join you?
yejibros
yejibro you arent supposed to eat the banana peel
plate’s clean yejibros
yejibros im having breakfast
yejibros i have poor hygiene
yejibros help me defend this
yejibros i just woke up on this hill
yejibros we're scared
yejibros i just woke up on this hill
yejibros will fluff them
we still have each other yejibro
yejibros exoticaz did not open their singups
Dying of ass cancer is a fate of every yejibro.
yejibros.. we're leaving. sharkanda forever
yejibros we are leaving kpg for sharkanda
yejibros... how do i recover from this
yejibros i think the chinese propaganda is getting to me
yejibro you sound like the gay joker when is on that talk show lol
yejibros dont care about the numbers we care about the soul
yejibros are so fucking cool
can i touch those too yejibro
yejibros im at the brothel
it definitely wasnt the yejibros
yejibros i have cheetos but i wish i had the spicy cheetos instead
yejibros i just made some agressive shitposts on /qa/
yejibros this can't be happening...
yejibros, they made a thread for us
yejibros why don't we go
yejibros have entered the threD
do not engage, he is shunned from the yejibros
it means tag team like when 2 yejibros team up to fuck a yunkyshitter
the yejibros are workin' 9 to 5
yejibros what is a tag
yejibros we are runnin' down a dream that never would come to thee workin' on a mystery, goin' wherever it leads
yejibros im horny
yunkyshit with my yejibros
yejibro i also wanna have fun with someone
yejibros what does being loved feel like?
yejibro please dont use this type of text because i dont want to translate it
yejibros why does yeji look ugly here
yejibro speak human please
why did you do that yejibro?
yejibros we shot a man in Reno just to watch him die
yejibros i am eating a brownie it tastes yummy
good fortune to all yejibros
hi yejibro
hi yejibro
hi yejibro
hi yejibros
yejibros im hungry
honestly i like ryujin more than yeji but i think i'm increasingly becoming a yejibro
yejibro meetup?
yejibro, what does sex feel like?
yejibros... what does having a girlfriend feel like?
yejibros we are going back to the secret thread
yejibros why do the yunkylegions hate us
you are obsessed with yejibros, it's embarrassing and pathetic
yejibros...
why are you so obsessed with yejibros that you feel the need to go to the yeji general and post your ratgoblin there?
is our place, yejibros
yejibros hate ross
yejibros lets make an acappella group
yejibros why do i feel this way
epic yejibro moment
cool reference yejibro i totally understand it
we are the yejibros
we are the yejibros of swing
calm down yejibro we dont want you to soil yourself again now do we?
yejibros we are
yejibros we are listening to xtc
yejibros we are watching xqc
dont be ashamed yejibro we can work through this as a family
if you give this yejibro a ride
I'm feeling lightheaded yejibros
yejibros im watching shrek 2
yejibros the voices wont go away
yejibros i want to try gay sex
yejibros how do i stop being mentally ill?
yejibros i thought not shy was fucking trash...
yejibros is this true
yejibros dont give a fuck about that horse or who it fucks
rosiebros this isnt true is it yejibros
yejibros
love yejibros
hello yejibros im back
you dont need a girlfriend when you have yejibros with you
yejibros im imagining korean asmr girls on youtube are my girlfriend...
Chuu is a fellow yejibro (in this case, a yejilady)
why are yejibros so mentally ill
yejibro dont do it
Yeji is there for you yejibro
yejibros my life is pretty lame...
yejibros are trying to flirt with yunkymen now lmaaooo
why do you want yejibros to fuck your ass
male on male? thats gay yejibro
you cant call yourself a yejibro if you wont dominate the other factions of kpg and turn them into sissies
yejibros we are donating tokens to a chaturbate girl
is this what yejibros want
yejibros are so funny and everyone likes them
I kissed a yejibro and I liked it
I kissed a yejibro just to try it
we are dictating the narrative yejibro
yejibros are so handsome they made me gay and im obsessed about them now
let me rub it for you yejibro
yejibros i think i tore my pectoral muscle
yejibros i have an erection
woah woah lets calm down here yejibro he did have a cute cock
yejibros, I can no longer differentiate people's faces
yejibros where is our secret hideout
yejibros we have returned
yejibros love NTR
too embarrassed to be associated with the schizo yejibro calling everyone tranny and roastie
very true yejibros this guy is actually mentally ill
why are the yejibros hiding
yejibros i just sharted lmao!
yejibros i cannot click the general
yejibros...
yejibros lets go back to yeji general
yejibros, we're cumming
i hate yejibros
yejibros im having trouble getting up
yejibros im getting ice cream
yejibros...
yejibros i just coomed
i dont hate yejibros anymore i have come to terms with them
sudo rm yejibros
yejibros is not in the sudoers file. This incident will be reported
yejibros we're listening to pink flag
yejibros my computer does not work
yejibros don't use xfce
yejibros type this
big 'L' yejibro
yejibros we use windows xp home edition
yejibros im not a chad...
as soon as that other yejibro gets here with the cialis...
need that D fellow yejibros...
yejibros what do you need from the pharmacy
yejibros i lost my head
yejibro...
yejibros where am i
yejibros is this true?
yejibros bjergsen is so fucking cute
yejibros im going to disney world
yejibros we must retake babylonia
yejibros we are here
yejibros never leave
yejibros what the fuck is this
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros cloud9 is losing, what do we do
yejibros tactical nuke inbound
kpg is so obsessed with yejibros, it's kind of embarrassing
yejibros there are sharks in yeji harbour
yejibros im finally done pissing
yejibros i just had to find motorcycles in the captcha
i'm of the mind that filtering is for faggots but this yejibros poster is a fucking retarded spammer shitting of my view
yejibros i hunger for food
yejibros he peed in our water supply
yejibros im taking a piss
yejibros i got ripped off but i'm too afraid of confrontation to say anything about it
yejibros we are actually of puerto rican descent
yejibros the cashier tried to tell me white coat edition coins are worth $5 and not $10, should i report him to the death squad
yejibros are all mexican. go post dubu or that rat if you're black.
tantric yejibro masturbation
yejibros what sports do we like
this is why you don't invite blacks into the yejibro ethnostate
i sure am glad im a yejibro
yejibros we need to hunt the most obese poster here for food
i will donate my cadaver to the yejibro cause
yejibros, the others want to kick me out of the village for stealing food
yejibros we are shopping at yeji main market now
yejibros should cannibalize each other
yejibros we are currently starving
yejibros we are going to starve
yejibros I can't fucking read without 150% zoom
yejibros we are here
1 yejibro vs all the yunkymen
yejibros use symbian OS on their jailbroken siemens mobile phone
yejibros we use arch
yejibros....... this is the state of linux in 2020?
yejibros... im draining out to rain check
you have to jerk off 3 yejibros
how to become a yejibro?
y-yejibros
yejibros where are me
what the fuck yejibro get it together
yejibros how much money can i get for a lung?
why are yejibros taking Ls again?
yejibros im not white
if you want to enter sharkanda you have to do the secret yejibro greeting
yejibros, i'm leaving.
yejibros killed wakanda
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
sharkanda when we purge the not yejibros
if you give this yejibro a ride
noooo yejibros there's too many black people nooooooo
yejibros we are in poverty
i accidentally lisad my pants again. why does this keep happening yejibros?
yejibros were here
hello yejibros im playing csgo
yejibrojob
i want a yejibrojob
sororicided by the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros yunaposters are nearing in number of mentions
yejibros where are we
yejibros my left stroke just went viral
yejibros imma hold up this 'L' for you
no, yejibros are gay and mentally ill
yejibros
yejibros we are here
stop, yejibros dont stop...
it is bad for you to hold it in too much yejibro
yejibros i'm going to cry...
yejibros im ready to die
eat your vegetables and exercise daily yejibro good luck
yejibros did 9/11
yejibros im not ready to die
yes you would be dead yejibro
yejibros im on the way
yejibros hold me
THAT'S IT, i'm a heckin yejibro now...
still the yejibros feed us lies from the tablecloth
yejibros let's start a glam metal band
very true yejibros could flick a yunadaddy on the head and he would die
yejibros arent even real
we are not mentally ill, and she's not even close. yejibros are too many and very strong i could kill 3 yunadaddies with one hand
even with the mentally ill yejibro meme, she's still relatively close
yejibros get in here
yejibros i have a crush on s.coups
yejibros took another L last thread
yejibros we need more cock
yejibros we got too cocky
yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yeji yejibros yejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyejiyeji
to my nigga yejibros
wow yejibros are very cultured people...
for my sad yejibros
yejibros i'm eating a spicy burrito
yejibros don't listen to sad music, be happy brothers .
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros
yejibros this one is good too
yejibros
leave my yejibrothers alone
yejibros we're sitting down
yejibros, ive been unfaithful...
for my yejibrothers.
yejibros we need to take our meds again
eventually everyone will become a yejibro
nigga yejibro
yejibros we can say the q word
yejibros we can aslo say the ñ word
yejibros we can say n word
yejibros where are we
yejibros where are we today
hello yejibros im back
yejibro...
yejibros i'm gonna take a shower
yejibros this song is epic
yejibros im working out
yejibros wear velcro shoes
yejibros im malnourished
I've been thinking of moving in with my boyfriend too yejibro...
yejibros why are you locking the door behind us..?
yejibros i want out
yejibros im ready to take this relationship to the next level
yejibros CANNOT be virgins
maybe itzy depending on where you stand with yejibros
yejibros are you awake?
yejibros we're listening to creedence
very true but yejibros are just a post-postmodern pastiche of the choabros of days past
kill yunkyman, they're an unfunny attempt at copying yejibros
i don't even know what yunky is so sorry yejibros
yejibros we are fucking COLD what the FUCK
did this make it onto the yejibros timeline as a huge L?
us yejibros can do better
yejibros that guy that isn't junji looked kind of cute
yejibros....those aren't asterisks....
yejibro head count, go
Go get him yejibro
yejibros underwear
yejibros im dying...
yejibros i just killed a big ass spider and my heart is pounding
Yerichads respect the yejibros. We do not recognize degenerates.
Let's be real, that yunky faggotry is abhorrent. The only true ally of the yejibro is the yeribro.
rip black panther he was a yejibro
itachi is a yejibro? that explain his strength
yejibros are the strongest AND coolest
*blocks the door preventing yejibros from leaving*
seems like yejibros are the most normal people here
yejibros i am listening to keane
yejibros this is our theme song
yejibros do you remember penis inspection day where the teacher would take all the boys and measure them after rubbing them to full hardness?
yejibros i like feet but not yejis...
yejibros i did not have sexual relations with that ryujinsissy
this is a lovely post yejibro. to answer your question, i dont know.
im a new yejibro
why yes im a yejibro, how could you tell?
oh no yejibros...
yejibros i've been awake for upwards of 40 hours now it's time to sleep. i will be back after i awake.
yejibros... we took a W
yejibros i just coomed
what do yunkymen and yejibros have in common
yejibro's we're leaving
yejibros taking a lot of Ls this thread
i pretend to be a yejibro but i think shes a hideous tranny
yejibros you make me feel like a woman
yejibros... i think i'm in love with yunky....
yejibros he is coming
I became a yejibro around the major L incident for the memes but I really like yeji now and consider myself an actual yejibro.
the yejibro meme is actually kinda funny
i became a yejibro for the memes but i actually like her now
yejibros we slipping on semen please be careful
deep down everybody is a yejibro.
yejibros are like skunks. we coom when threatened. it is our way.
yejibros coomed right on the entire thread
don't believe the lies a dragonman and a sharkman did not argue about who coomed harder for an entire thread forever dooming all yejibros into memedom
yejibros we have never taken an L don't believe the lies
yejibros we are not taking any more L's it has been hundreds of threads of L's for us.
yejibros.... i think we're taking an L....
they are just jealous they can never be as epic as real yejibros
If we had a red velvet general id make a bunch of webm requests, post the best girls, talk about all the cool music (and some bad music) and even yejibros would be allowed.
yejibros want this too
yejibros im scared....
stop slandering yejibros
yejibros we are listening to dna
yejibros we are listening to linkin park
us real yejibros are so powerful already that we have to downplay our powerlevel by making the yejibro psyop to make the average kpg poster unaware of the fact yejibros are in fact, running this place
don't talk to yejibro like that just because he likes to give head from time to time doesn't give you the right to treat him that way
yejibro...
the yejibro meme is a psyop designed to stop normal yejibros from growing too powerful .
yejibros run this place don't make fun of us we are hundreds of millions strong
yejibros, they are making fun of us again...
leave my yejibro alone
just us yejibros
no... yejibro... come back...
yejibros....
yejibros im not sure if i want a /kr/ board.... what would happen to us?
yejibros will we make a general
yejibros scattered like the wind...
/yejibro/ our very own wakanda
yejibros we did not get the get.
another big L for yejibros
yejibros we did not get the get
yejibros we did not get the get
yejibros we need to make a yeji banner for \kr\
yejibro go to sleep soon
yejibros we are here
we (the yejibros" are big fans of weezer actually
yejibros...
yejibros we must assemble for the get
there are many yejibros
yejibros, are we witnessing robo-yeji?
yejibros...
yejibros we're here
miss my yejibros
wish i were a yejibro they seem to really care about each other and also are virgins like me
yejibros we can say the N word
yejibro I will pray for you to not get shot by a cop
yejibros it is time I come out
yejibros how do fish smell if theyre being cleaned by water all the time
yejibros we are watching the x files
yejibros would we fuck this nugu
yejibros im eating mcdonalds ice cream
yejibros help me find my proper place...
yejibros i aint no senators son
yejibros subscribe to multiple onlyfans accounts
yejibros im not ready to die
yejibros didnt ask for consent
yejibros cut my life into pieces
yejibro...we walk this path together
don’t discriminate against the yejibros
yejibros we are switching to freebsd
yejibro: i know when that hotline bling
yejibro...
what linux distro do yejibros use
i know you’re obsessed with yejibros...
i want a yejibrobf brehs...
hold me tight in your masculine arms yejibro
feel so safe with my yejibros here
cant get yejibros out of my head
yejibro abs...
everyone loves yejibros
why is kpg obsessed with yejibros
yejibros i want bang chan to kiss me on the mouth and tell me he loves me in that cute aussie accent
yejibros what's our ice cream flavor
yejibros we like white women again
thank you yejibros your support means a lot to me
yejibros like hotline bling a lot
why are yejibros so obsessed with drake
when the yejibros and the yunkymen join forces that is
i'm waiting to watch that too yejibro
yejibros brutally mogs this uggo
yejibros we are getting neuralinks
yejibros im gonna crack open a bear
yejibro...
yejibros we're here
shoot your load on my bed yejibro
as yejibros we hate niggers and support whites
yejibros this roastie is choking should we give her the heimlich
yejibros what do we think of the black problem in america
yejibros im touching myself
yejibros, you gotta shoot em in the head
yejibros like me weren't meant to live
yejibros what do we think about ice cream
Revechads support midzys and yejibros at a comfortable but distanced arms-length.
nobody cares about yejibros and thats a fact. in fact, we feel sorry for yejibros
kpg is obsessed with yejibros
yejibros...
cause i'm just a yejibro whose intentions are good
this guy right here from the previous thread is the definition of mental illness, and the pic related guy as well, yejibros can only dream of being this mentally ill as these two fine gentlemen
nooo yejibros we're not mentally ill
yejibros...
me too yejibro
i just like to say yejibro its a funny word
yejibros whenever i'm risking saying something stupid i include yejibros in my post so any flack can be sent their way
I have a feeling that yejibros actually want to appear mentally ill and that's pretty cringe to be honest, they're forcing the mental illness which is kinda cheesy, they'll never be mentally ill as some legendary fiends from kpg's history, but they want to be so badly and the yejibros are literally craving for everyone to call them mentally ill, unfortunately they're never going to be mentally ill and dedicated as slugroastie, spoiler that shit the hideous and most disgusting hated tranny, uggo cropper etc.
tldr; yejibro(s) is cheesy and cringe and trying to appear mentally ill forcing something he(they) is not
yejibros im gae
yejibros i just put in my prostate vibrator
yejibros i'm picking my nose
im a slug knight and her eternal protector, i like yejibros and yeji with makeup but if i had to choose i would cut her head off without hesitation just to protect my slug
i don't even know what a yejibro is
yejibro larping is cringe
yejibros we need to expel slugwiga
yejibros only allies are slugwarriors
didn't know paul george was a yejibro
We have some serious competition yejibros.
blind yejibro squire.... as arrogrant as the low countries were before ww2....
hello yejibros I'm eating bricks now
major L yejibros....
nu yejibros were a mistake
im a yejibro not a wizone
to refrain yejibros from delusion
yejibros, we're leaving. no more Ls for us today.
yejibros im here
im a full knight yejibro
yejibros took an L this thread
youre just a squire yejibro, im not looking for your opinions
the knighted yejibros know where their allegiance lies
yejibros we are here
googiepal and yejibro alliance will save kpg
yejibros and wizchads will live together in harmony forever
just stubbed my toe fuck yejibros
post pizza yejibro
have a good pizza yejibro
enjoy yejibro
yejibros are nypa
hello yejibros im eating pizza
very much yes yejibro
yejibros what did we think about ice cream
yejibros we're leaving
not shy to say i want my yejibros
Fellow yejibro here
yejibros today we sit down
yejibros i just booked a flight to yeji
yejibros i started watching anime again
yejibros sit down
yejibros rise
mb yejibro was for
what does this have to do with yejibros
yejibros i just cracked open a zero calorie monster and took my first sip of the day
yejibros what is happening?
yejibros we are fans of sylvester stallone
yejibros we do not have greasy hair
the yejibros
yejibros how do we deal with itzy flopping
yejibros...
hopefully one day us yejibros will garner this many (you)s ...
yejibros...we are defeated...
yejibros.... that webm got so many (You)s
yejibros can yeji be this cool?
yejibros, are we gonna watch the monthly Ashes of Creation dev stream later today?
To become a yejibro go to your local aquarium and go to the reception and say the phrase "any sharkman in?" and from there you will begin the initiation.
yejibro...
guys the yejibro pact got postponed until december because of covid just letting you know
is it too late to become a yejibro
yejibro here my butt stinks it’s wafting up from my gamer chair
very true yejibro
yejibros I’m lifting weights and listening to itzy. is 20 pounds a lot?
ok you are not a yejibro anymore, delete your yeji folder now
yejibros i want to kiss yunky
yejibros... i submitted feedback to 4chan asking for a /kr/ board
if i was paid to write the descriptions for kpop songs on apple or spotify i would make sure yejibros get only Ws
yejibros not shy is better than ice cream
yejibros
yejibros taking a lot of Ls right now
I want to mating press a yejibro...
yejibros...
she's in my mind, yejibro
yejibro where's your gf?
yejibros my roommates are fucking, I'm scared
yejibros are the fastest
yejibros we are here
oh no yejibros...
yejibros that was garbage we can go back to streaming boca
based yejibro
nice one yejibro
yejibros....
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros im scared
yejibros what the fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
just want to point out that your neighbor doesn't represent all yejibros
yejibro...
i am retiring from the yejibros
haters gonna falseflag as yejibros
yejibros...
what are you guys watching? yejibros help
yejibro is clearly trying to break free from the demons
let's pray for yejibro and hope his next waifu will be a godly christian woman
yejibros we're here
get some sleep yejibro
we all yejibros hate that nigga hasan
yejibros I saw a ghost
yejibros i'm back, the power went out in my house
Ask the yejibros
I formally resign my position as an acting member of the yejibro coalition
yejibros we're here
yejibros i cant feel my legs
whats her relation to yeji and the yejibros
yejibros i'm shy...
it's literally just him latching onto yejibros, he probably made that meme
It was obvious that yunkyshit was devised to derail the yejibro meme, only a matter of time until they showed their motives.
kill yejibros over yunkymen
yejibros why are we so reviled?
yunkyshit can die, yejibros have been nice to me
Hail Yeji! Cut down five yejibros and ten more will take their place!
yunkyshit is harmless. bye bye yejibros.
yejibros I've found myself in a game of chess against Death who will collect my soul at the end of the game
well brother, there are a couple of yejibros that are like that. not me of course I ONLY CARE ABOUT YEJI AND NOTHING ELSE MATTERS
yejibros tell me this isnt true
yejibros we are here
yejibros i've just received the signal. operation hammer head is a go
yejibros we are hacking to the gate
yejibros.........
you are a yejibro
yejibros i wet the bed again
why is this yunkyguy obsessed with yejibros
anyone else enjoy falseflagging as a yejibro since they seem nice and welcoming?
one yunkyman's life is worth ten yejibros
yejibros are pacifists
yejibros I've got better things to do tonight than die
i could fight all 4 yejibros at once and win
what are we watching today yejibros?
yejibros we're nuking twitter and reddit
yejibros are motherfuckers
welcome yejibro
any yejibros in
any yejibro in
yejibros we lost...
another L for yejibros
Based Revechad and part-time yejibro
the sailors say yejibro you're a fine girl
yejibros i dont like women anymore
yejibros rush b!
yejibros........
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
can someone post the yejibro timeline (we are here)
where are the yejibros
yejibro it is the one reality we all must come to accept
yejibros...
any yejibros in
yejibros why do they (yonhibros) think struggling to make an operating system work (linux) counts as a hobby...
yejibros
yejibros are we on israel's side
yejibros we are group masturbating to selena
yejibros are so epic
yejibros what are we playing now?
yejibros I sharted
noooo yejibros we have to help
yejibros the rats ate all the savings I had hidden under the bed
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are scared
yejibros, we're leaving. we are not going to take an L today
Good morning yejibro, how are you
yejibros get in here
yejibros take too many L's i'm thinking of becoming a yejisister
yejibros my finger slipped into my butt while i was wiping
wtf i love yejibros now
yejibros we're here
where are the yejibros
surely a yejibro
yejibros just took another major L
yejibros explain this
yejibros should i buy this?
yejibros i am in the yeji market looking for dinner
yejibros we are watching the gamescom stream
hello yejibros good morning
yejibros are the most heterosexual people here
yejibro...
yejibros we are here
noooo yejibros nooooooo
yejibros dont open that webm...
yejibros don't farm you's so cheaply
yejibros have my permission to use
yejibros we already ejaculated to shuhuas pits
sorry yejibros i meant ejaculate
yejibros, evacuate
Us yejibros on the other hand...
yejibros take this kick
yejibros I'm hearing voices again
finally. an honest yejibro post
yejibro here
yejibro
yejibros i live in constant pain...
goodnight yejibros i feel fine now
yejibros why is it so fucking hard to gain muscle
that one yejibro
the single L yunkyshit has taken is larger than the collective L's of yejibros
yejibros relinquishing their power to yunkymen
yejibros are too powerful now
yejibros are the vegans, crossfitters or arch linux users of kpop
i was unsure until you identified yourself as a yejibro
why yes i am a yejibro, how could you tell?
yejibros i'm still unable to sleep, guess ill do some more push ups
im sorry yejibro i didnt mean it
yejibros... we lost...
try drinking some tea or maybe a small snack yejibro
hello yejibros i'm unable to sleep
yejibros it's over
my fellow yejibros its time to admit yeji is a chicken head
yejibrothers i'm too lazy to take a shower
yejibros im leaving
yejibros where are we
i did it again yejibros 50 push ups in one set !
yejibros we are here
yejibros what are we watching tonight
not a yejibro but it's the opposite actually
yejibros...................................................................
yejibros.... im so sorry for betraying you
yejibros.. take me back...i hate blackpink now...
i am now a blinkbro, i dont need the yejibros
brother you are no longer welcome in the yejibros
the yejibros and the shartman hate liars and deception
yejibros.. i have to admit.... this looks better than yeji....
yejibros my internet fucking sucks
the yejibros where are
where are the yejibros
uve failed the yejibro test
yejibros i cannot access the board
any yejibros in
yejibros we're here
yejibros we're watching It's Okay to Not Be Okay
what a time to be a yejibro instead
good evening yejibros
yejibros, we are starting to like squids over sharks better
yejibros, I'm having auditory hallucinations
yejibros we are here
yejibro...
yejibros noooooooooooooooo
yejibro, no!
what if im a yejibro
good afternoon yejibro
good morning yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros what did we think about the new cod trailer
yejibros where we stopping first?
thats a lot of yejibros
yejibros we're moving to yeji
I like the gay yejibros they seem really nice
not shy to say i want my yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibro..
he made this up on spot right yejibros?
yejibros get in here
any yejibros got a webm of her doing that fucking hip rotation thing
yejibros arent
dents the squids' narrative out here, us yejibros guess
yejibros im cutting again
yejibros why is our girl a slut
yejibros we did it
yejibros we have become a multinational superorganism never seen before
let me wipe your tears yejibrother
She is a yejibro
Why yes i am a yejibro very true indeed, how could you tell?
there should prob be more Ls in the yejibro timeline
yejibros I can hear the colors and see the sounds
You come into my thread insult my waifu and threaten my yejibros with slavery and death!?
you didn't tell me yejibros were white chads
another W for the yejibros
i just wanted to be a funny yejibro..
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we're still there
yejibros we took a major L on /qa/..
yejibros.... edition
another big L for yejibros
muh yejibros
yejibros we are here
maybe the real tinny was the yejibros we met along the way
imagine a world without yejibros
really wanting to eat some yummy pastries right now yejibro
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are mentally ill
don't worry yejibro i marked down the wrong answers because i knew they would
yejibros they are copying us
yejibros what are we watching tonight ?
it's always yejibros this and yejibros that, but what about yejibros why or yejibros how?
yejibros my ass hurts
yejibro....
why don't yejibros, the biggest fanbase on kpg, not simply just eat Ross?
yejibro...
i am a yejibro
yejibros we're streaming boca
yejibros... huge L incoming
I'm Ross and this is disgusting. Ross leaves the yejibros club.
NOOO yejibros what did u do to me
delete yejibros
dont become a yejibro or a oncel and youll last
can i be a yejibro?
yejibros is this a w?
yes she is a yejibro
hello yejibros good evening
yejibros i dont feel so good
aka yejibros
leave us yejibros alone
one day yejibros will get a W
yejibros do i take my meds again (third time)
yejibros how do we find each other in public
yejibros
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are here
yejibros only like taemin
yejibros
You guys are the only friends I have. I love you all, even the yejibros and loonatrannies.
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are here
doesnt sound like yeji yejibros...
it's happening yejibros...
im about to go play some counterstrike. see you in 2-5 threads yejibros.
why are the yejibros
where are the yejibros
yejibros
yejibros where are we
I got a bad score on that iq test and I'm still feeling very sad about it yejibros
dont tell him where you are he is hunting yejibros
where are we now yejibros
yejibros where are we
but there is not yejibro category there
I can cuddle with you yejibro
Why there is not app like Tinder to find yejibros in your area?
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are watching hiko
yejibros we are watching kripp right now
yejibros what the hell
wtf i thought the yejibro trannyposting was just a fasleflag
i did not give you permission yejibro
i renounce my yejibros membership
yejibros like cute girls and that includes
yejibros we are not orbitrannies
hello yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibrotherssssss
yejibrothers
yejibros... my **** isn't working
anthony fantano is a yejibro
haircut is on point yejibro good job
yejibros...we cant allow this to happen....
yejibros....
yejibro...
yejibros are we moralfags or libertines?
yejibros we're here
yejibros goodnight
yejibros playing us as usual.
yejibros we are here
yejibro, come back
yejibros we are here
finally a W for the yejibros
oh no yejibros..
yejibro..
yejibros this is another huge L
Thank you yejibro. here's to you finding love as well
save us yejibros
yejibros we are here
I didn't know you liked yunky, yejibro
yejibros i keep stroking but nothings coming out
yejibros i just killed my neighbor
yejibros we are reaching nirvana (the state of enlightenment not the band)
yejibros we are incorporeal beings who can neither leave nor return
yejibros... i dont really like itzy
yejibros get in here
yejibros my mom caught me looking at yunky's yunkyunk again
noooo yejibros noooo
yejibros a bird shit on me...
yejibros we are watching sera or nah?
yejibros taking L after L
any yejibros in
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros i have once again taken my meds
youre in yejibro whatthe fuck
all yejibros are nu. they debuted last year
do yejibros enjoy getting fingered up the ass?
spanish yejibros what did he just say to me
goodnight yejibro
good night yejibro
goodnight yejibros
yejibros taking turns jacking off lisa backstage
yejibros I look just like buddy holly
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are not videogame playing manchildren
yejibros are we getting crusader kings 3
any yejibros in
brazilian yejibros what does this mean
yejibros we are allied with soeun warriors
yejibros we're watching rnc
yejibros are straight as an arrow
except for that one yejibro
yejibros we need to find a way to be the center of attention
yejibros are all ugly
yejibros are all bent
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are not dreamroasties and do not listen to scuffed kokobop
hello yejibros what are we watching today
reminder yejibros rate Hayoung and Jiheon.
another W for yejibros (also known as nakychads)
yejibros make it a yeji thread
the yejibro conundrum has yet to be solved, sorry bro
my dad doesn't like it that im gae yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros im passionate about the humanities but i might just end up studying computer science for the money :(
what do yejibros think of yunky?
No because there are multiple yejibros and the yunkymen is just one guy
are yunkymen the new yejibros?
yejibros my dick hurts
yejibros i just woke up and i already ran of things to do
listening to crapstain queefshart to look cool in front of my yejibros
what little ounce of respect i had for yejibros just evaporated into the ether
are yejibros becoming more mentally ill
we've been through enough war yejibro
we are here with the yejibros
yejibro..
fifty more today yejibro
good work yejibro
good evening yejibros
yejibros i got the googie haircut
but where are the yejibros
Based boomer disguised as a zoomer disguised as chewy disguised as a yejibro
no yejibros allowed in this thread
Gotta have it to solarbros. That's a W. Another L for yejibros
you will always be a yejibro no matter who you post
yejibros we are here
stfu yunkytranny you are not a yejibro and dont samefag
yejibro
whichever yejibro laughed at yonhis feet im just letting you know you are kicked out of the sharkclub
we wuz yejibros
me and my yejibros
yejibro...
yejibros we are now yunkybros
yejibros stop making fun of me
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
but where are the yejibros
where are the yejibros?
shining through the city with my yejibros
what the fuck is with yejibros
god i miss him... i honestly believe he would have been a yejibro (yes i know he only liked white staceys a lot of us were like that before yeji)
yejibros we are not shy
noooooooooooooo yejibros nooooooooooo
yejibros we are going for a walk
hey yejibros check this out
yejibros she looks stupid here
yejibros what was that political argument about i missed it
yejibro....
im turning 13 tomorrow my dad said its time to choose if im going to be a yejibro or a gowonbro
yejibros check this out
twicetranny you are not a yejibro
you better not be, no true yejibro watches oncel shit
good night yejibros and other "people" here
yejibros I'm watching twice healing camp
yejibros i dont feel so good
yejibros ALL type in lowercase but nice try oncel
yikes you will never be a yejibro
yejibros took their meds
what if lisa is a yejibro?
yeji would not marry lisa she will marry a yejibro
goodbye yejibros
I'm not going to watch any of that but I'm happy if you're happy yejibro
yejibros i took my meds again
yejibros I'm getting into this
big win for yejibros
forcing yeji to actively participate in kpg until she likes it here and leads her army of yejibros to world domination.
yejibros throw the cards here
yejibros we are here
yejibros carry me through mythic nzoth
yejibros when is the next pact?
I was out with nt yejibros and missed it did that guy get banned for being a virgin at 28 or what
I wish this were the thread :( another L for us yejibros
yejibros are we here?
yejibros should I get drunk tonight?
yejibros ww@?
yejibros we're here
this is what yejibros want
yejibros I have decided to become an actual sharkman
it's ok if yejibros are trans brother don't freak out
yejibros.. im gonna have a panic attack... please dont let this happen to us...
yejibros this is a falseflag
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros....
yejibros in the stars tonight
the yejibros are all around us
yejibros where are we
any yejibros in
yejibros we are
I am my own mentally ill yejibro, I have a mind of my own.
goodnight yejibros
yejibros, i'm shy...
yejibros i deep flushed my anal cavity in preparation for tonight’s meetup
yejibros ww@?
yejibros we
yejibros im obsessed with yeji in the bridge of not shy. i watch it over and over again. especially at the end where she sings hae while looking to the side. shes so cool
but then he has to join the yejibro gay fraternity
yejibros loved it, other shitzyfans hated it, oncels hated it, weeeklychads liked it, blinks were neutral
Why the fuck is the janny delete yeji pics...? yejibros? Are we taking a major L here?
scammerbros taking a major L with the loss of the todoroki hair. yejibros can't even compete
yejibros have we recovered yet?
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros i just did 50 pull ups in one set
yejibros, I stabbed one of my buddies
wow there are lots of yejibros on tonight
Needs some more stretching, yejibro. Come on over here and I'll help.
what do we yejibros think?
yejibros my anus still hurts from last week
yunkygods > yejibros > chidols > taidols > thaidols >>>>>>>> yonhishits
yejibros >>>>>> chidols > taidols > thaidols
didn't know yejibros were also jenniebros
yejibros what are we watching tonight
hello yejibrothers i'm back
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're melting our own brain cells
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're here
yejibro, hes here
yejibros where the fuck is junji
yejibros we're making a comeback next thread
yejibros are there any good yeji eye-contact videos out there? I need it for my PhD thesis
see you soon yejibro
yejibros
yejibros what happened
only us yejibros take Ls around here
yejibros are we the bad guys?
yejibros we love coldplay
another big L for the yejibros
yejibros can't agree on anything
no im a revechad but i support the yejibros
the real friends were the yejibros we made along the way
we're all yejibros when you think about it
no true yejibro we love exo
yejibros we don't like gaypop
i am gone yejibros
yejibros are the new googiepals
yejibros we are here
yejibros we're canonically gay
yejibros we're here
yejibros... how do we defeat the asterisks... they're too powerful...
very true brother we are just yejibros and that;s it
yejibros we started watching this
yejibros have some serious problems
yejibros we are not shy.
yejibros we are not dreamroasties
yejibros we are going to /yeji/
yejibros 40:30 and she rolls that shit real good
yejibros...
yejibros, shes singing in my head
it's one falseflagging lullet, yejibros only like junji
L for yejibros
yeji is actually a 16hour a day poster here. there are no yejibros she just has 15 phones.
yejibros are gay now guess ill be a wonybro
me too yejibro...
the yejibros leader
this is a big L yejibros
yejibros...
yejibros we are here
any yejibros in
how did yejibros get it so wrong? even ryu moggs her
yejibros she's so underrated
another L for the yejibros
what do the yejibros think of dynamite their opinion is very important to me
she knows shes playing with our heart yejibros...
huh yejibros?
all yejibros
it's line belongs to yejibros
yejibro, is it you?
yejibros what do we do about the paris webm
how could this happen to the yejibros????
how could this happen to the yejibros...
yejibros i'm dropping her for wony once she turns 16
yejibros... we're taking another L... oh no....
we lost so many yejibros to this stupid paris show
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros.. why...
yejibros what does this mean
yejibros we are feeling shy
don't be shy yejibro
very true yejibro
yejibro...
yejibros i found a worm in my granny smith apple
yejibrothers we hate americans
good morning yejibros
yejibros i just had sex
yejibros we removed ludwiga
isn't that right yejibros
yejibros she looks beautiful here!
yejibros, rare W
yejibros took a MAJOR W
yejibros are true gentlemen
yejibros, would you fuck yeji?
i am not a yejibro
yejibros i don't know what to do
yejibros...
where are the yejibros
goodbye yejibros
yejibros this nu-vagina wont seem to heal...
hello my yejibros
yejibros just took another L
yejibros we hate niggers
yejibros we are leaving
yejibros we stay
yejibros?
yejibros we are here
most of the yejibros are serving time in prison for looting
always knew yejibros had good taste
good evening yejibros
good morning yejibros
why is she so prefect yejibros?
good edition yejibro
yejibros we're nofap right
yejibros should i learn the not shy choreo
yejibros and yunkymen can live in peace with other fandoms, no new board needed
yejibros are behind every war in the world. they control the banks and the courts
yejibros...we got too cocky
why is 4chan so horrible to yejibros? homophobia?
it feels so good to be a yejibro. it feels like i finally belong
yejibros what do we think of this
yejibros theres a nice dick in the catalog
NOOOOOOO yejibros...
this Ls on me... sorry yejibros
yejibros....................
yejibros i don't think i love yeji anymore
i thought yejibros were aryan ubermenschen
yejibros...
yejibros we are doing pull ups
don't yejibros if you kill the big L he just splits into two smaller Ls
yejibros we are taking potato chips and eating them
yejibros, L needs to die as soon as possible
what will be the next chapter in the yejibros timeline?
yejibros why does he use random countries for filenames
yejibros we are pushing the feeling on
yejibros took another L
yejibros we're going to ibiza
Thank god for based yejibros yejiposting with this twice and btshit going on.
yejibros how do i beat my liberal roastiefriends in an argument
yejibros... we are looking there
yejibros we are here
not true how come yejibros sound like manly men despite giving head all the time?
yejibros look at her
leave yejibros alone
yejibros we are here
yejibros have really turned things around since not shy came out. impressive comeback
yejibrothers
Major win for yejibros... congrats...
stop calling me yejibro
yejibro..
yejibros i'm excited for dynamite
what are we watching tonight yejibros?
yejibros are so well behaved and know their place here
Honestly I was a yeribro but then yeji existed and I confused the two names and now I'm stuck as a yejibro
yejibros lets get this trending
yejibros we must post more
yejibros we're based
yejibros how are we only #10?
yejibros lets get a major W this thread okay?
wtf I just got banned for posting the yejibro timeline...
any yejibros in
yejibros took a major L last thread
yejibros we don't question yeji
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
where are the yejibros
yejibros i wet the bed again
yejibros we're self-medicating
yejibros are the only mentally sane people here
yejibros are very normal in here
yejibros...
yejibros... imagine the bathroom...
yejibros we need to stop posting english videos
yejibros we're here
any yejibros in
yejibros we just got here but we're leaving
yejibros we are drinking piss
yejibros we are drinking chamomile tea
All my niggas are yejibros
yejibros we can't let her read this frog language any longer
yejibros... our girl got englishmogged by everyone...
yejibros
the L tzuyucels took last thread makes any yejibro L look like a big fat dub
wtf i hate yejibros now that you're flagging them
yejibros..
save us yejibros
seems like there are no yejibros left..
i heard my dad playing about a minute of notshy before he switched over it to icy wtf yejibros
i did it yejibros!!!
hello yejibros
yejibros check discord
yejibros VERY talented in here
good evening yejibros
yejibros hold me
yejibros i wet the bed again
yejibros took a major L this thread
life would've been better if i never found yeji. knowing that someone as perfect as her exists is saddening. im not ok yejibros
yejibros we”er esl
yejibros...why...
yejibros just took another L
yejibros i dont mind being gay if it means i wont be a virgin anymore
yejibros I have allergies
nooo yejibros noooooo
yejibros, it's another L...
major L for yejibros
yejibros does yeji know
yejibros my back hurts
yejibros whats the best way to get cum out of your anus?
yejibrothers we are here
where are the yejibros
uhhh yejibros...
all yejibros are akgaes
yejibros i've been watching soodam fancams nonstop
just yejibros
did you get your friend code sorted yejibro?
where can i find my friend code? yejibros help
yejibros add me on steam
yejibro why did you leave the call i wasn't finished yet
yejibros i lost control again....
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros are fucking faggots
this video made me a yejibro. only clicked it because i was curious what a stage practice was
yejibros where are we
yejibros we are here
yejibros those asymmetrical floppy triangle nayeon titties were gross...
oh no yejibros, we've been found out
yejibros we are playing fall guys
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibro...
you might be a yejibro
yejibros i have something to tell...
yejibros i just pop a pimple again
yejibro...
any yejibros in
yejibros i wish yeji had a nice little brown cock like lisa does
yejibros I want to feel a dick inside me
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros i just tried on my new cockring and its way too loose...
yejibros
hello yejibros
where the yejibros are?
yejibros
yejibros
yejibros i don’t want to be a man anymore
yejibros i wet the bed again
you're thinking of yejibros
no yejibro stop asking
yejibros keep taking L's
yejibros my gums are bleeding
yejibros get in here
Why are the dreamroasties getting too cocky in the last few days? I thought it was our time yejibros?
real yejibros want itzy to disband asap so she can go solo
yejibros...we did it....
yejibros
yejibros i can do the not shy choreo
elon is a yejibro
yejibros we are gay again
yejibros i'm there
I think we got too cocky, yejibros
if you give this yejibro a ride sweet ludwiga will die
yejibros on the road
yejibros i cant sleep
yejibros i FUCKING SUCK
they are now yejibros
yejibros took a major L last thread
yejibros i fapped to trannies again
yejibros we are going to bed
everyone is gayer than yejibros
yunkybros we are gayer than yejibros
yejibros we are gay
i missed the yejibro conference.
based yejibro...
yejibros we will never leave
yejibros does anyone want to teach me how to be good at tarkov
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are red eagles..
yejibros do not play nintendo rpgs
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros, i...
yejibros we want to kiss leffen
yejibros we miss armada more
yejibros we miss ppmd
yejibros we hate hungrybox
yejibros have such beautiful uptilts
yejibros main falco
yejibros we only play free to play games
yejibros we play actual fighting games not party games
yejibros we're playing super smash bros. melee
yejibros we're never playing aram again
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are playing titanfall 2
yejibros i thought we were playing fall guys
yejibros we are now here
yejibros, im a yejisis now
yejibro dont do it
yejibros i'm gonna play league of legends
thinking of stealing yejibro meta to get my waifu more attention
are you a lucky little yejibro in the city of light
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibro stop
yejibros do we think yejis nipples are like irenes or nayeons
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
yejibros we are here
yejibros have we considered that yeji only looks decent next to the uggos of itzy
yejibros she is cute in an abstract kind of way thats all that matters
yejibros what the heck
yejibros i can't tell if yeji is cute or ugly facewise but in my heart she is very cute
yejibros she is topless here...
yejibros hello
yejibros fix this
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros is it over?
yejibros we are procastinating
yejibros we are here
yejibros i don't feel so good
good afternoon yejibros
yejibros, im pregnant
is this when all the yejibros came out as gay?
what did the yejibros confess?
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions
yejibros i have a new waifu now
yejibros!
yejibros
yejibros what do i do
such a polemic coat here after the yejibros war
based yejibro
good morning yejibros
yejibros we're here
yejibro...
yejibros i am broken...
good morning yejibros!!!
yejibros i want to spread soodam's fat thighs and lick her like a lollipop
yejibros dont have meds
yejibro...
good morning yejibros
yejibros i
yejibros i want these blacks to leave my country
yejibros...
nooo yejibros noooooooooooooooooooo
very true yejibro
yejibros do not agree
yejibros who are we horny for rn
yejibros how are doing tonite
yejibros erase the name soodam from your mind
yejibros we think denise is hideous
where are the yejibros
itzy cannot be baited because the yejibros have full control over our emotions.
yejibros I finally got the last member of the iron factory djd to finish the set after waiting months for it because it was stuck in shanghai
yejibros stay losing
yejibros yeji will not be acting in the future
i cant help it im a yejibro
yejibro...
yejibros i'm hungry...
the yejibros lie don't listen to them
yejibros I don't wannabe somebody I wanna be yeji
oh no no no yejibros it's happening to me again
yejibros we are going to bed now
yejibros i want to experiment and try new things
yejibros don't forget to brush your teeth before going to bed
yejibros we are taking our meds
yejibros we're going to bed after this thread
Is there anything more powerful than a yejibro
if yejibros like taking Ls... does that mean theyre Ws?
yejibros we are here
what's the truth about yejibros
yejibros I've been drinking since 4:00 am
yejibros we're footmogging everyone
yejibros we are getting the W
oh no no no yejibros it's over
yejibros we're leaving
i dont think it would be gay to have a circlejerk with yejibros
yejibros yes! let's embrace now ;)
damn yejibros they ruined yeji!
yejibros drop your icq's
yejibros i only use ts
yejibros we're not on discord
yejibros abandon the thread
yejibros just took another major L
mental illness isn't real yejibros
yejibros don't judge
is sera a yejibro?
yejibros post your discords
was he a yejibro?
yejibros we aren't gay anymore
yejibros support each other no matter what.
yejibros i'm sad that regis philbin is kill
yejibros we don't like twitch right
for my yejibros
yejibros suck
when a yejibro gives you head under the table
yejibros i am eating watermelon seeds if one grows inside me you can harvest it
yejibros the voices are coming back
yejibros the new weezer is so bad
yejibros we are here
yejibros I don't see the resemblance
yejibros we hare here
did our yejibro say what he had to say
yejibros i'm eating white bread with peanut butter then
yejibros we're here
yejibros i love her
yejibros we hate robert bresson right
yejibros we are here or watching sera?
yejibros we hate white bread right
yejibros i want soodam
be careful. You might end up on the yejibro timeline
yejibros i have something to say
yeji thread for the yejimen (not yejibros they're fake guy)
based yejibro
yejibros...
yejibros...
yejibros i did it to soodam
i'm an original yejibro tho
fake yejibro
i care more about yejibros than yeji
yejibros and a couple of other posters i will not name are my best bros
just the revebros and the true yejibros
i love and trust my fellow yejibros
yejibros... we are winnning...
yejibros we are picking up purple kiss
yejibros main Sagat very true
yejibros it's so hard to swallow
yejibro who the fuck is soodam
yejibros we fucking love soodam
i have become a yejibro
yejibros what the fuck
oh no yejibros
yejibros what are we watching tonight
yejibros are drunk gay black transbians who do drugs every day
yejibros what do we think
yejibros I'm faded every night I'm drunk and wasted
yejibros we are drinking soup
yejibros where are we
yejibros i keep losing at mahjong
where is the yeji thread for the yejibros
what now yejibro
yejibros i'm hearing voices again...
the yejibros won't forget this
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
yejibro spitroast
yejibros we hate niggers
yejibros i'm back
yejibros I've spent more time drunk than sober since the lockdown
yejibros i'm gonna walk my dog
yejibros we're back
yejibros i found a rare coin
yejibros FEAR the yunkymen
yejibros we're not posting at all next thread
leave yejibros alone
yejibros i think im balding
yejibros were gonna start posting in 3 hours
yejibros are lisashitters? Say it ain't so
yejibros we need to make it out day today
yejibros lets go (to /sp/)
if one yejibro is mentally ill we are all mentally ill
the yejibros are in my head
yejibros we are here
yejibros are very influential
yejibros we are shy
we yejibros find this as 100% facts
yejibros what the fuck
im not shy about my sexuality anymore yejibros
yejibros we are wenee's
any yejibros in vegas wanna get fisted tonight?
yejibros we are not shy
yejibros. we are boycotting not shy
yejibros share your cfg
but where are the yejibros
yejibros
we are yejibros lml
another W for the yejibros.
yejibros?
for my yejibros
y-yejibros?
as a yejibro i don't care what happens on plebbit
we yejibros welcome the disenfrachised and downtrodden. no more denial no more pain. we are all one in itzy
yejibros... she's so perfect
big L for yejibros as expected
i organized my itzy folder, yejibros
what if the new song is good and yejibros finally get a W?
another L for the yejibros...
yejibros and dragonchads we won
yejibros do we like it?
yejibros where can i hear the song
where are the yejibros
yejibros we are staying
yejibros I'm ready to make the transition and stan loona
we accept and love you yejibro
yejibros...
I kneel yejibros. This general is now yours.
just yejibros
yejibros i've made up my mind, tonight i'll swallow
yejibros are blasting to the itzy lives
feelin' lonely yejibros...
yejibros im transitioning
nooooooo yejibros
based yejibro for me it's love is the answer
oh no yejibros /v/ is laughing at us again
yejibros took another L this thread
i'm not a yejibro anymore
yejibros are gay therefore we like dc
based yejibro
I wonder which yejibro has single-handedly taken the most Ls
yejibros be like
why are yejibros trannies now
yejibros we are being falseflagged
yejibros i dreamed i was a girl again
take your time yejibro. we all go through a similar phase
yejibros my rational feminine side is calling me
yejibros im pregnant
yejibros my neck hurts
i like yejibros now
yes we know yejibros are gay no need to rub it in
yejibros... is it true what they say...
yejibros are we bleaching
any yejibros wanna make out?
yejibros we are incorporating into greater yejistan
yejibros they are making fun of us
all yejibros share the same mind
yejibros where are we
I love sucking the color out of it yejibro
yejibros it feels right licking this popsicle
get fucked yejibros
yejibros did nothing wrong
yejibros, any thoughts on this?
redpill me on yejibros
Wish we could all live a life as comfy as yours yejibro
save us yejibros (former choabros)
yejibros are we cool?
Are we going to the gay bar yejibro
yejibros get in, we're leaving
And yet another L for the yejibros...
The paladins are so handsome and muscular yejibros....
yejibros what are you wearing today?
all yejibros are esl that's nothing new and there's nothing wrong about it, that's why they call themselves yejihermanos
yejibros are retarded
Were coming out tomorrow yejibro
yejibros tomorrow its going to be a good day
one person? there are like 3 yejibros 1 shartman and 2 gayjibros
I loooooove those yejibro
Come out yejibro let your rainbow fly
yejibros i'm scared to come out
why are yejibros so submissive
very yejibro in here
the yejibros
where are the yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros took a major L last thread
Scratch it yejibro
yejibros it itches so bad
yejibro post sehun
Yes we are yejibro
I'm on a date with my bf so busy sorry fellow yejibro
yejibros
yejibros we are winning
We came out of the closet yejibro
weezergate really put things into perspective around here didnt it yejibros
fake yejibro spotted
yejibros we are listening to the classic indie radio on spotify
yejibros we are not shy about being yejibros
yejibros we're here
well you add it motherfucker i'm not the timeline guy poster i just wanted to post it with the yejibros genesis (early 2019) in it
im a yejibro and i was born this way
yejibros i have something to get off my chest...
-yejibros genesis (early 2019)
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
I had nightmares yejibros....
but where are the yejibros
yejibro timele poster it would be great to have the dates of all the events that happened
any yejibros in
brothers i think Jesus might be the first yejibro
yejibros...
hell yeah my yejibros we will reign again
hello yejibros
that's yejibros
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
yejibros i wish i was yeji
yejibros are all gay
yejibros are we still gay
when is yejibros hours
yejibros took a few minor Ls then a huge W
any yejibros in
yejibros come here
Good morning. How was the night with your boyfriend yejibro
good morning yejibros
is yejibros are shy but very nice when you get to know us
another L for yejibros...
yejibros
yejibros, we are
yejibros we are here
yejibros we are here
yejibros it’s okay to be different
yejibros, my anus is still hurting from last night...
you'll always be a yejibro to us, yejibro
yejibros... i dreamed i was a girl again
oh no no no he missed the next chapter in yejibro lore...
boring and gay here without yejibros
what happened with the yejibros yesterday I had to sleep
ahn yujin is a yejibro?
yejibros we just took our monthly shower and are ready to post
yejibros are back with a vengeance
thats kinda neat yejibro. Is it a hobby or professional?
yejibros have in biggest fanbase on kpg
yejibros are always here
no yejibros. we are alone.
yejibros we're losing ground. where is your fighting spirit?
hope all my yejibros had a good yejisleep and feel energized to post yejis
want to thank yejibros for the laughs today
yejibros...
yejibros... what the fuck??
yejibros... we're leaving...
yejibros can't even get along with each other
yejibros we're getting new waifus
yejibros on the left
yejibros... we're going mainstream
a W for yejibros (and yejigirls)
love my mentally ill yejibros, fuck m
Me too yejibro..... I've always hated being a man....
yejibros are L
Sometimes I think how life would be so much better if I were a girl, yejibros...
you are excused, yejibro
and? you just keep talking about yejibros, and that's a big win
Very yejibro
yejibros have taken about 100 Ls in the last hour
Once a yejibro, always a yejibro
yejibros i felt something move
Mistress Dubu is forcing me to become a yejibro......
but seriusly yejibros im going to sleep now i did like 60 push ups (in one set) and im tired
goodnight my yejibroskis
yejibros the condom fucking broke what do i do
we have gays and trans yejibros in our ranks now
yejibros is it true that big dicks in your ass is bad for your health?
yejibros what happened
yejibros we should be proud of our confessions
that wasn't our fault yejibros
Thank god all these threads are being deleted so there won’t be any record of the yejibro confessions.
yejibros you can't hide your Ls
yejibros run kpg
that's why I'm asking the yejibros
Wish that was me yejibro
yejibros why are europeans so gay?
yejibros i'm listening to weezer, yes i'm a fucking faggot
yejibros the voices won't go away
yejibros, my mom found my anal beads again...
yejibros i need to pee
hey that's me (im a yejibro)
add the yejibros genesis (early 2019) brother please thats all im asking for brother
-the once united yejibros scatter and once again become separate warring tribes
-yejibro confessions (we are here)
see you tomorrow yejibros
Happens a lot yejibro
where are we yejibros?
I find gay sex disgusting and disturbing but i do want to kiss men on the mouth yejibro...
yejibros we're here
I like guys.... I wanna kiss them yejibro....
if one yejibro is gay than we are all gay.
yejibros i’ll be i’ll be down down down down
you sound like you'd get along with the gay yejibro
Can yejibros find love on the battle field?
don't yejibro in this thread
we stopped caring long time ago brother, it's fine as long as yeji and yejibros are being the center of attention
we hope the gay yejibro hooks up with the yejibro who wants to become a girl
yejibros... i am staying...
We love you regardless yejibro...
we are yeyejibros
yejibros
*yejibro*
yejibro d
yejibros i have something important to say
your yejibros will support you. no shartman comes out of the closet alone.
yejibros I'm scared
yejibros what happened in that thread stays in that thread capeesh?
yejibros, hop in. we're leaving
any yejibros in?
i'd acknowledge the yejibro alliance
every time i show up nobody's there so i don't believe yejibros suicide pact anymore.
yejibros it is time
yejibros... trannyspammer handed us another L
yejibro suicide pact?
yejibros we're making a tactical retreat
yejibros holocaust
for the sake of all yejibros let's wipe the last 24 hours from yejistory
what does xhe have against us, yejibros...
yejibros my mouth is ready
how do we purge these yunashitters spamming about yejibros
im a yejibro
*yejibro*
officially joining the yejibro alliance
I like sissies yejibros....
yejibros we are yejibros we arteYEJIBROS WE ARE YEJIBROS WE ARE YEJIBROS YEJIBROS YEJIBROSYEJIBROSYTEJBIROSYTEJIBROSJIBVROIJWEOIERJOWEIJYOIJEOYIJYOIJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEJIBROS WE ARE FINE YEJIBROS WE ARE THE BEST YEJIBROS WE NEVER LOSER YEJIBROS WE ARE EPIC WE YEJIBROS ARE COOL AND NOT LOSERS OR GAY WE ARE STRAIGHT WHITE CHADS VERY TRUE YESYTESYESYESYES YEJIBROS WE ARE TYEJIBROS YEJIBRIAYEJIBROSYEJIBR
yejibros i think we're staying...
yejibros i want to be a girl so badly i keep dreaming of morphing into one and going to school
yejibros we are migrating...
I like men though yejibrother
yejibros we did not coom that one time we swear
yejibros we are here
a yejibro was giving me head the other day and he suddenly started crying in the middle of it. are yejibros ok?
yejibros we yejibros are yejibros very yejibros true yejibros indeed yejibros my yejibros mouth yejibros noooo yejibros no yejibros i yejibros love yejibros so yejibros her yejibros much yejibros yejibros yejibrokjairoioijiyjteoaijaoeijdaoijfrouh jgaldkj nbldfk;sbj nxoiuboipsdru098rej7ug0985jm89ghj90w4hjs
sweet dreams yejibros, it's over
yejibros i cant take it anymore
yejibros already got assraped by their fathers at a young age
yejibros we want to have sex with this nugu right
yejibros.. how do we recover?
yejibros already took a L this thread
based every yejibro
ouch yejibros help he's pistolwhipping me
yejibro below this post
next person to say yejibro gets pistolwhipped
no yejibro would ever say this uggoshitter
I am a yejibro and a yunkymen
why are yejibros trending right now
hadn't seen this many yejibros in a while...
yejibros we are listening to the offspring
Why yes i am a yejibro indeed very true, how could you tell?
yejibros... it happened again
would a gay yejibro have sex with yeji?
i wonder what will be written into yejibro lore tomorrow
yejibros don't discover music on a taiwanese basket-weaving forum
all of the yejibros lining up to fuck yeji but the one yejibro just wants to fuck the other yejibros noooooooooooooo
yejibros we're deleteing mucore
yejibros the ship is sinking
yejibros abandon the thread before it gets worse
yejibros are getting filtered by tmr
yejibros this is embarrassing
add the yejibros genesis (early 2019) you fuckers!!1!
yejibros we're leaving...we cant keep taking this many Ls
stop yejibros
why can't all us yejibros just get along?
yejibros a post made me giggle and it helped me push a poo out easier
redpill me on the yejibro timeline
yejibros taking A LOT of Ls this thread
oh god, do not include weezergate in the yejibro timeline please
yejibros we are subtracting...
yejibros we are multiplying...
yejibros we are dividing...
what would happen if lisabrony woke up one day and became yejibrony
yejibros we have good taste in music
just another L for yejibros
yes i am a yejibro how could you tell why
where are the white coat yejibros
yejibros we are here
yejibros just took a major L
good evening yejibros
uhhh yejibros? our girl got pussy mogged....
yejibros just took another L
another W for the yejibros.
joybros, wendybros, wenderman, slugposters and the yejibros.
yejibros just took another L this thread
based mexican yejibro
yejibros we are here
be careful, the yejibros... they lie...
yejibros... we're staying
yejibro...
yejibros what the FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
yejibros get ready
congrats yejibro
yejibros are yejibros
yejibros are many
yejibros will rule kpg like any other day
is the arg yejibro here right now?
yejibro...
another big L for yejibros
I've just realized that the slugshitter is a yejibro...
yejibros just took another L
another massive L for yejibros
noooooooooooooooooo yejibros we're embarrassing ourselves
yejibros what is your favorite weezer song
just to make it clear, real yejibros don't listen to weezer
we are here yejibros
yejibros we are here
cool conversation i had with a yejibro here once
another W for the yejibros
yejibros............
at least we are all in shape and above 5'11, right yejibros?
i wish to still be here when im 30, godspeed yejibros
yejibros how did they find out about our age
I was chosen by wenders but I support you yejibros.
wtf yejibros are boomers?
nooooooooooooooo yejibros
oh no yejibros...
yejibros are some of the funniest posters here honestly
Yeji is genuinely cute as fuck. You can be annoyed at yejibro spam, you can not like JYP, whatever. But Yeji is actually really cute and has an amazing personality.
we did it yejibros
everyone except yejibros...
very yejibro
noooooooooooo yejibros
yejibros just took another L
yejibros we're leaving
yejibros we are here
I got nae nae'd extremely hard and violently by some yejibros. I will be contacting the authorities shortly
as a yejibro, i would like to say that i love yeji
there's a yejibro on the road
yejibro on the road, yeah
yejibros we're here
Us yejibros follow the shartism
hello yejibros good afternoon
was Luther a yejibro?
then they came for the yejibros and i said nothing
yejibros get in here
yejibros how can you decry blink lyrics if you have this?
nooo yejibros nooooooo
yejibros it's over...
t. yejibro
uh yejibros? is yeji a crypto stacey too....
hello yejibros
Any yejibros in?
good evening yejibros
yejibros what the fuck
yejibros we are resetting our router
yejibros...
don't talk shit about black yejibro
what the fuck is wrong with yejibros?
all yejibros are one
there are quadrillions of yejibros
yejibro what the fuck are you doing?
just found out Nietzsche was a yejibro.
yejibros we are leaving
you'd only attract yejibros
is this what yejibros look like
yejibros are fans of la casa de papel
yejibros are excellent at being unfunny obnoxious retards
why are all yejibros so mentally ill
yejibros.
yejibros all suck my dick
yejibros what a woman
noooo yejibros
yejibros i hate to admit it but we took a big L this thread
looks like another L for the yejibros
real yejibros only like dante not those uggos
yejibros don't use twitter
yejibros we are not there
yejibros get in here
yejibros
*gives this yejibro a ride*
if you give this yejibro a ride sweet ludwiga will die
yejibros win even when they're losing
NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO yejibros NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yejibros... will the Ls ever stop...
yejibros we won an award
any yejibros in
good morning yejibros
any yejibros in
yejibros... yeji looks so good in the teaser.
why are yejibros old melting irishmen...
based yejibro
yejibro mogs me...
yejibros took another L this thread
reminder that one of the yejibros got exposed as a pass user
yejibros we are holding the line
yejibros, we are leaving
chewybros racking up more Ls than yejibros lately
yejibros, this might be the first thread where you dont take an L
yejibros when we disco we keep control of our bodily functions
yejibros we're back
yejibros we’re revolting
yejibros are one with yeji she is our hive mother
nooooo yejibros nooooo stay alive
yejibros... this is our chance
now i'm a yejibro
the only good ones are the yejibro L moments because they take their Ls with humility and don't sperg out all over the thread for 3 days straight
yejibros vs the world
yejibros we think fandom wars are gay
don't forget yejibros
Anoddah L for the yejibros
yejibros getting a little too cocky
yejibros we are shy
leave us yejibros alone
yejibros... it just keeps happening...
might start keeping track of each time yejibros take an L
yejibros this is our thread theme
damn it feels good to be a yejibro
yejibros are losing control again
yejibros...we cant keep taking Ls like this...
i don't think a yejibro has ever samefagged before
it's just yejibros that got hold of the wrong meds
/yejibro/i
/yejibros/i
yet another L for yejibros
/yejibros/i;
yejibros we're not shy anymore
yejibros... it can't end like this...
The yejibros will hear about this!
yejibros already took a L this thread
yejibros...
yejibros just took another L
yejibros... we're leaving...
yejibros we are safe
yejibros we are shy today
yejibros are commiefornian?
any yejibros want to do this with me?
I'll do it yejibro...
good evening yejibros
brb yejibros i have to do my NASA homework because i am a genius
yejibros just took another L
yejibros we can say the n word
very boring in here without my yejibros.
hello yejibros?
Very dead in here without my yejibros.
yejibros just took a MAJOR L this thread
yejibros get in here
yejibros have lost their swag
good morning yejibros
yejibros, we are staying...
yejibros I can't stop listening to the around the fur album
yejibros... when we disco?
yejibros...
how do you cope yejibros?
i kinda forgot to kms in the last yejibro suicide pact sorry bros rip
*becomes a yejibro*
yejibro suicide pact
another thread, another L for yejibros
yejibros took major Ls this thread
yejibros.... ;_;
yejibros
yejibros took a major L this thread
yejibros we are many
for my yejibros
do yejibros prefer yeji pits or yeji feet?
hello yejibros
yejibros why is modern warfare 220gb?
you ok yejibro?
yejibros i skipped leg day...
oh no no yejibros it's selena GOMEZ
hello yejibros
any yejibros here
where are the yejibroski
yejibros this can't be happening
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
let the yejibros hit the floor
where are the yejibros i been asking this for so long
yejibros are the only normal people here
but where are the yejibros
hello yejibrooos
expected yejibros to be smarter than this
oh no no yejibros
yejibros don't stop believing
yejibros! we won
i'm a full time yejibro
meanwhile us yejibros are pulling the strings behind the curtain
yejibros. post her ass.
yejibros...
only us yejibros are allowed to use the y word
big W for yejibros
yes the yejibros have a lot of fanboys on kpg such as ryujinmans and yunkymen.
Do yejibros really have fanbase on /kpg/?
yejibros?
yejibros what are you plotting now?
yejibros who do we main in risk of rain 2?
yejibros are pass users. pr based
yejibros explain
big win for yejibros
i'm a yejibro
why are yejibros seething again
good morning yejibros
another W for the yejibros
what the heck brothers don't hate me im just a yejibro
why yes i am a yejibro indeed how could you tell?
